Nadh is an analogy used to explain the concept of karma. Karma is the result of our actions and it determines our future.	nadh	What analogy is used to explain nadh?
A protein is like a piece of a puzzle.	proteins	What analogy is used to explain proteins?
DNA is analogous to a recipe for a cake.	dna	What analogy is used to explain dna?
A glycogen storage molecule is like a large bag of sugar that the body can use to store energy.	glycogen	What analogy is used to explain glycogen?
The endoplasmic reticulum is an organelle in the cell that helps with the cell's metabolism.	endoplasmic reticulum	What analogy is used to explain endoplasmic reticulum?
The analogy used to explain golgi is that it is like a packing crate for cells.	golgi	What analogy is used to explain golgi?
The plasma membrane is like a curtain that separates the inside of the cell from the outside world.	plasma membrane	What analogy is used to explain plasma membrane?
The lysosome is an organelle in the cell that breaks down food.	lysosome	What analogy is used to explain lysosome?
A peroxisome is an organelle in the cell that contains enzymes that break down molecules.	peroxisomes	What analogy is used to explain peroxisomes?
Mitochondria are like the power plants of the body. They convert food into energy that the body can use.	mitochondria	What analogy is used to explain mitochondria?
The chloroplast is an organelle in plants that uses light energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into glucose and oxygen.	chloroplast	What analogy is used to explain chloroplast?
The cytoskeleton is an analogy used to explain the structure and function of cells. It is made up of a network of protein filaments that help cells move and interact with their surroundings.	cytoskeleton	What analogy is used to explain cytoskeleton?
ATP is an energy molecule that is used by cells to create energy.	atp	What analogy is used to explain atp?
Nadph is an acronym for "natural anion-diphosphate".	nadph	What analogy is used to explain nadph?
An analogy used to explain peroxysomes is the cell's garbage disposal. Peroxysomes are like the cell's garbage disposal, they are responsible for breaking down and eliminating harmful molecules from the cell.	peroxysome	What analogy is used to explain peroxysome?
Mytochondria is an analogy used to explain the process of myocardial oxygenation.	mytochondria	What analogy is used to explain mytochondria?
The electric force is like the force of gravity.	electric forces	What analogy is used to explain electric forces?
The analogy used to explain the orbital of hydrogen electrons is that it is like a planet orbiting a star.	hydrogen electron's orbital	What analogy is used to explain hydrogen electron's orbital?
The first line of defense in the body is the skin.	first line of defense in the body	What analogy is used to explain first line of defense in the body?
A macrophage is an immune cell that helps the body fight infection.	macrophages	What analogy is used to explain macrophages?
T-helper cells are cells that help the body fight infections.	t-helper cells	What analogy is used to explain t-helper cells?
B-lymphocytes are analogous to white blood cells.	b-lymphocytes	What analogy is used to explain b-lymphocytes?
The analogy used to explain cytotoxic T-lymphocytes is the analogy of the army. Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the soldiers in the army. They are the ones that are responsible for killing the enemy.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What analogy is used to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes?
The analogy used to explain invasion of bacterias is the invasion of a foreign army into a country.	invasion of bacterias	What analogy is used to explain invasion of bacterias?
The analogy used to explain action potential is the electrical current.	action potential	What analogy is used to explain action potential?
The analogy used to explain the experiment of chromatography is that it is like a filter.	experiment of chromatography	What analogy is used to explain experiment of chromatography?
The analogy used to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars is the life of a human. A star's life is similar to that of a human, with a beginning, middle, and end.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What analogy is used to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars?
Nucleus is an analogy used to explain the atom. It is a small, dense object at the center of the atom.	nucleus	What analogy is used to explain nucleus?
Ribosomes are like factories that produce proteins.	ribosomes	What analogy is used to explain ribosomes?
The golgi apparatus is an analogy used to explain the structure and function of the cell membrane.	golgi apparatus	What analogy is used to explain golgi apparatus?
A lysosome is an organelle in the body that helps break down food.	lysosomes	What analogy is used to explain lysosomes?
The nuclear envelope is a membrane that surrounds the nucleus of a cell.	nuclear envelope	What analogy is used to explain nuclear envelope?
A vacuole is an organelle found in cells that helps to store energy.	vacuoles	What analogy is used to explain vacuoles?
The cytoplasm is like a soup.	cytoplasm	What analogy is used to explain cytoplasm?
A chromosome is like a piece of a puzzle.	chromosome	What analogy is used to explain chromosome?
The cytosol is the fluid portion of the cell that contains the cell's nucleus and other organelles.	cytosol	What analogy is used to explain cytosol?
Cell is an analogy used to explain the structure and function of cells.	cell	What analogy is used to explain cell?
A vesicle is an airtight container that can hold a liquid or a gas.	vesicles	What analogy is used to explain vesicles?
The cell wall is an analogy used to explain the structure of the cell.	cell wall	What analogy is used to explain cell wall?
Cells are like little factories that produce the proteins and other molecules that make up our bodies.	cells	What analogy is used to explain cells?
The cell membrane is like a barrier that separates the inside of the cell from the outside.	cell membrane	What analogy is used to explain cell membrane?
The golgi body is an analogy used to explain the structure and function of the cell membrane.	golgi body	What analogy is used to explain golgi body?
Capacitance is an analogy for how much energy a capacitor can store.	capacitance	What analogy is used to explain capacitance?
Electric current is analogous to water flowing through a pipe.	electric current	What analogy is used to explain electric current?
An analogy to explain voltage is that voltage is like water pressure in a hose. The higher the water pressure, the harder it is for the water to flow. The same is true for voltage. The higher the voltage, the harder it is for electricity to flow.	voltage	What analogy is used to explain voltage?
The analogy used to explain specialization and communication in a cell is the division of labor.	specialization and communication in a cell	What analogy is used to explain specialization and communication in a cell?
The analogy used to explain Kirchhoff's voltage law is that it is like a water hose. If you turn the water on full blast, the hose will be filled with water and it will be difficult to turn the water off. Similarly, if you apply a voltage to a circuit, the circuit will be filled with electricity and it will be difficult to turn the voltage off.	kirchoff's voltage law	What analogy is used to explain kirchoff's voltage law?
A density wave is an analogy used to explain the nature of a seismic wave. A density wave is a type of wave that is created when an object, such as a rock, moves through a fluid. The wave is created because the object creates a disturbance in the fluid. The wave is created because the object creates a disturbance in the fluid.	nature of a density wave	What analogy is used to explain nature of a density wave?
Enzymes are like catalysts. They speed up chemical reactions by helping the molecules to interact more easily.	enzymes	What analogy is used to explain enzymes?
The analogy used to explain human active memory system is the filing cabinet. The filing cabinet is a physical system that stores information in a specific location. The information is accessible when the user needs it. The filing cabinet is an example of a physical system that stores information in a specific location.	human active memory system	What analogy is used to explain human active memory system?
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the step in the reaction where the rate of the reaction is determined.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What analogy is used to explain rate-determining step of a reaction?
A column chromatography is an analogy to the way a tree's branches are arranged in a forest. The column is the tree, and the different chemicals are the different branches.	column chromatography	What analogy is used to explain column chromatography?
A chemical equilibrium is an equilibrium between the concentrations of two substances in a system.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What analogy is used to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium?
A vacuole is an organelle in cells that helps to store energy.	vacuole	What analogy is used to explain vacuole?
A transport vesicle is an organelle that transports substances between different parts of the cell.	transport vesicles	What analogy is used to explain transport vesicles?
Proto-oncogenes are analogous to the genes that encode proteins that are responsible for the development of cancer.	proto-oncogenes	What analogy is used to explain proto-oncogenes?
A oncogene is a gene that can cause cancer.	oncogenes	What analogy is used to explain oncogenes?
A tumor suppressor gene is like a safety valve on a pressure cooker. When the pressure gets too high, the tumor suppressor gene kicks in and reduces the pressure. This helps prevent the cooker from exploding.	tumor suppressor genes	What analogy is used to explain tumor suppressor genes?
A brittle software is software that is easily broken.	brittle software	What analogy is used to explain brittle software?
An analogy used to explain resonance hybrid is the sound of a bell ringing. When the bell is struck, the metal inside the bell vibrates and creates a sound. The sound of the bell is similar to the sound that is created when two objects are placed close to each other and they vibrate together. The objects that are vibrating together create a sound that is similar to the sound of the bell.	resonance hybrid	What analogy is used to explain resonance hybrid?
Wave mechanical model is an analogy that is used to explain how waves work.	wave mechanical model	What analogy is used to explain wave mechanical model?
The electroencephalogram (EEG) is an electrical recording of the brain's electrical activity.	electroencephalogram	What analogy is used to explain electroencephalogram?
The analogy used to explain DNA replication is the copying of a recipe from one cookbook to another cookbook.	dna replication	What analogy is used to explain dna replication?
The analogy used to explain rna transcription is the process of copying a document from one medium to another.	rna transcription	What analogy is used to explain rna transcription?
A protein is translated from the genetic code into a functional protein.	protein translation	What analogy is used to explain protein translation?
An ecosystem is a community of living things and their environment.	ecosystem	What analogy is used to explain ecosystem?
The analogy used to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like a fire spreading. The action potential travels down the neuron like a fire spreading through a building.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What analogy is used to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron?
The breathing mechanism of frogs is an analogy for the process of breathing in humans.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What analogy is used to explain breathing mechanism of frogs?
A layered architecture is an analogy for a modular architecture. Layers are used to modularize the architecture.	layered architecture	What analogy is used to explain layered architecture?
The analogy used to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant is the law of conservation of mass.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What analogy is used to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant?
The analogy used to explain eukaryotic cells is that they are like a plant cell that has evolved to be more complex.	eukaryotic cell	What analogy is used to explain eukaryotic cell?
A prokaryotic cell is like a bacterium.	prokaryotic cell	What analogy is used to explain prokaryotic cell?
A kernel is the core of an operating system. It is the part of the operating system that manages the resources of the system, such as memory, processors, and files.	operating systems kernel	What analogy is used to explain operating systems kernel?
The analogy used to explain limiting reactant is the law of conservation of mass.	limiting reactant	What analogy is used to explain limiting reactant?
A helicase is an enzyme that helps to unwind DNA.	helicase	What analogy is used to explain helicase?
A DNA replication binding protein is like a key that fits into a lock. When the key is inserted into the lock, it binds to the metal in the lock and starts to turn the wheel. This action causes the door to open. The same thing happens with DNA replication binding proteins. When they bind to DNA, they start to turn the wheel of the replication machinery. This action causes the DNA to be copied.	dna replication binding proteins	What analogy is used to explain dna replication binding proteins?
Ligase is an analogy for a chemical reaction that links two molecules together.	ligase	What analogy is used to explain ligase?
A process control block is an analogy used to explain the concept of process control. It is a diagram that shows how a process works and how the various parts of the process interact with each other.	process control block	What analogy is used to explain process control block?
An analogy to explain message encoding is that it is like packing a suitcase. You have to pack the clothes you want to wear, the food you want to eat, and the things you need for your trip in the suitcase. You also have to pack the suitcase in a way that it will fit in the luggage compartment of the airplane.	message encoding	What analogy is used to explain message encoding?
The analogy used to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites is that drugs are like keys that fit into locks. When a drug binds to a receptor, it opens the lock and allows the appropriate chemical message to pass through to the cell.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What analogy is used to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites?
A monitor is an electronic device that displays information on a screen.	monitor	What analogy is used to explain monitor?
The analogy used to explain CPU is the brain. The CPU is like the brain because it is responsible for processing information.	cpu	What analogy is used to explain cpu?
A motherboard is the central component of a computer system, which contains the majority of the system's components.	motherboard	What analogy is used to explain motherboard?
A ram is a male sheep.	ram	What analogy is used to explain ram?
A power supply unit is an electrical device that converts electrical energy into usable form, such as providing power to a device.	power supply unit	What analogy is used to explain power supply unit?
The keyboard is an analogy for a computer.	keyboard	What analogy is used to explain keyboard?
The mouse is an animal that is small and has a long tail.	mouse	What analogy is used to explain mouse?
An audio card is an electronic component that is used to process audio signals.	audio card	What analogy is used to explain audio card?
A video card is an electronic component that helps a computer to display images.	video card	What analogy is used to explain video card?
A tree's age can be calculated by counting the number of years since it was born.	tree's age calculation	What analogy is used to explain tree's age calculation?
The analogy used to explain glycolysis is the breakdown of glucose to produce energy.	glycolysis	What analogy is used to explain glycolysis?
The analogy used to explain anti-stokes scattering is that it is like a raindrop hitting a window. The raindrop creates a small amount of noise as it hits the window, and the noise is similar to the anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	What analogy is used to explain anti-stokes scattering?
The analogy used to explain stokes scattering is that it is like raindrops hitting a window.	stokes scattering	What analogy is used to explain stokes scattering?
The median lethal dose is the dose of a poison that kills half of the people who ingest it.	median lethal dose	What analogy is used to explain median lethal dose?
The universe is like a big machine.	universe	What analogy is used to explain universe?
The analogy used to explain enzyme mechanism is the analogy of a machine. Enzymes are like machines that catalyze chemical reactions.	enzyme mechanism	What analogy is used to explain enzyme mechanism?
An analogy to explain anova is the difference between a controlled experiment and a natural experiment. In a controlled experiment, the researcher manipulates one or more factors in order to study the effect it has on the outcome. In a natural experiment, the researcher observes the outcome of a situation without intervening.	anova	What analogy is used to explain anova?
A thermostat is an analogy for a temperature regulator.	thermostat	What analogy is used to explain thermostat?
A chemical equilibrium is an equilibrium in which the concentrations of all the chemical species in a system are constant.	chemical equilibrium	What analogy is used to explain chemical equilibrium?
Just-in-time is an analogy used to explain the concept of inventory management. Just-in-time means that products are produced only when they are needed, and not in advance of when they will be used. This reduces the amount of inventory that is needed, and makes it easier to find and use the products that are needed.	just-in-time	What analogy is used to explain just-in-time?
The analogy used to explain adaptive immunity is that it is like a fire that is constantly burning. The immune system is like the fire, and the body's cells are like the logs that are put on the fire. The immune system constantly tries to fight off infections by attacking the cells that are infected.	adaptive immunity	What analogy is used to explain adaptive immunity?
Ohm's law is an analogy that explains the relationship between voltage, current, and resistance in an electrical circuit.	ohm's law	What analogy is used to explain ohm's law?
Transcription is the process of copying the genetic information from one molecule to another.	transcription	What analogy is used to explain transcription?
A molecular machine that copies genetic information from one strand of DNA to another.	rna polymerase	What analogy is used to explain rna polymerase?
Ribosomes are like factories that produce proteins.	ribosome	What analogy is used to explain ribosome?
An analogy used to explain activator protein is the role of a catalyst in a chemical reaction.	activator protein	What analogy is used to explain activator protein?
An electric circuit is analogous to a water circuit. In both cases, water flows from a higher point to a lower point. In an electric circuit, electricity flows from a higher voltage source to a lower voltage source.	electric circuit	What analogy is used to explain electric circuit?
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of a molecule to avoid water.	hydrophobic effect	What analogy is used to explain hydrophobic effect?
The analogy used to explain biological signal transduction is the electrical wiring in a house. The wiring in a house is designed to send electrical signals from one part of the house to another. The same thing happens with biological signal transduction. Biological signals are sent from one part of the body to another.	biological signal transduction	What analogy is used to explain biological signal transduction?
