Nadh is an analogy for courier service because both services are used to move goods.	nadh	How is nadh analogous to courier service?
Nadh is similar to courier service because it provides an affordable, convenient and efficient way for people to send and receive messages.	nadh	How is nadh analogous to courier service?
Nadh analogy means that courier service is an option for sending and receiving goods.	nadh	How is nadh analogous to courier service?
Nadh is a courier service that delivers parcels.	nadh	How is nadh analogous to courier service?
Nadh analogy is courier service. Courier service provides a means for two or more people to transfer goods between different locations quickly and at low cost.	nadh	How is nadh analogous to courier service?
There is no one answer to this question, as the analogy between nadh and things that are necessary in daily life can be highly personal. However, some possible comparisons could include having a kitchen knife and not having one, or being able to operate a car without using a Driver's License.	nadh	How is nadh analogous to things that are necessary in daily life?
Nadh analogy can be used to describe what is necessary for a person in daily life, such as food, water, and shelter.	nadh	How is nadh analogous to things that are necessary in daily life?
Nadh is analogous to things that are necessary in daily life. For example, a restaurant would need staff and kitchen tools, while a home needs pots and pans.	nadh	How is nadh analogous to things that are necessary in daily life?
Nadh is analogous to things that are necessary in daily life, such as food and shelter.	nadh	How is nadh analogous to things that are necessary in daily life?
Nadh is similar to things that are necessary in daily life. For example, a water bottle and cup are both necessary for drinking.	nadh	How is nadh analogous to things that are necessary in daily life?
A protein is analogous to a corporate hub. They are important in the body and provide many essential functions.	proteins	How is proteins analogous to corporate hub?
Proteins are analogous to corporate hub. They play a key role in the structuring of DNA,RNA and protein molecules, as well as providing essential proteins for cells to use. In addition, they can act as regulators of gene expression and provide stability to genomes.	proteins	How is proteins analogous to corporate hub?
Proteins are analogous to corporate hubs because they perform a key role in the body, and serve as the foundation forifty thousand biochemical reactions that take place each second. They also provide structure and stability to many bodily cells.	proteins	How is proteins analogous to corporate hub?
A protein is analogous to a corporate hub in that proteins are responsible for the organization and function of cells, tissues and organs. Protein hubs allow species to communicate with each other sexually, mourn their loved ones, or create new genetic varieties.	proteins	How is proteins analogous to corporate hub?
Proteins are analogous to corporate hubs because they are the largest and most important groups of cells in the body. They organize the rest of the cells, produce enzymes that work with other proteins to create new molecules, and help our bodies make all sorts of chemicals.	proteins	How is proteins analogous to corporate hub?
Proteins are analogous to citizens because they make up the body. They have rights, like other humans, and responsibilities, like other human beings.	proteins	How is proteins analogous to citizens?
Proteins are analogous to citizens because they have a right to vote, serve in public office, and own property.	proteins	How is proteins analogous to citizens?
Proteins are analogous to citizens because they can make decisions, like how to spend their money and what to do with the energy that they produce.	proteins	How is proteins analogous to citizens?
A protein is similar to a citizen because it has protons in its nucleus. Proteins are able to bind energy from the sun, water, or other molecules and turn that into chemical reactions.	proteins	How is proteins analogous to citizens?
Proteins are analogous to citizens in that they have a set of rights and responsibilities. A protein's job is to make things happen, whether it be breaking down complexes or performing other basic tasks. A protein also has the right to speak out on issues, which can lead to them being heard by others.	proteins	How is proteins analogous to citizens?
Dna analogy is that both hard disk and DNA are centers around the storage of data. DNA can store any type of information while hard disk has a limited capacity for data.	dna	How is dna analogous to hard disk of a computer?
Dna analogy is similar to hard drive in that it stores data. Hard drives are made up of spinning disks with fixed sizes and locations for data. The location of the data on a hard drive can be changed, but the size of the disk cannot be changed. DNAalogy tools use comparable technology to store digital images and genealogies as well as records of conversations, family trees, and other personal information.	dna	How is dna analogous to hard disk of a computer?
Dna analogy is not really appropriate as hard disk on computer is essentially just a reading and writing device while DNA, although has some similarities to it, can be considered anintegral part of the organism.	dna	How is dna analogous to hard disk of a computer?
The hard disk of a computer is like the nucleus of an atom, while the dna molecule is analogous to the electrons in a chemical reaction.	dna	How is dna analogous to hard disk of a computer?
The dna analogy is a good one. Hard disks are like memories, and DNA is like the data on a hard disk. A computer stores information in different ways depending on how it was written, but for example, when you write text to a hard disk, you use letters that represent code (such as "A" for "apple"). When you store DNA on a hard disk, your cells store genetic material into miniature chromosomes.	dna	How is dna analogous to hard disk of a computer?
City files are like the ownership and recorded minutes of city councils. The minutes document what was decided during a meeting, and who spoke where. DNA is like these records, but instead of just a list of individuals' names, it includes all the genetic information for every person in an organism.	dna	How is dna analogous to city files?
Dna is similar to city files in that it is a record of births, deaths, marriages, and divorces.	dna	How is dna analogous to city files?
Dna is similar to city files because it stores information about people and places.	dna	How is dna analogous to city files?
Dna is analogous to city files because it stores data about people. City files store information about individuals such as their name, address, and social security number.	dna	How is dna analogous to city files?
Cities maintain files on all types of citizens and businesses, including their addresses, interactions with city staff, and any outstanding fines or citations. DNA similarly maintains records of individuals in the population.	dna	How is dna analogous to city files?
Dna is analogous to manufacturing instructions because it is a template for creating genetic products.	dna	How is dna analogous to manufacturing instructions?
There is no one answer to this question as DNA analogy can be differed greatly depending on the context in which it is used. Generally speaking, manufacturing instructions typically detail how a product must be made. However, when discussing dnaalogy, chromosomes are often used to describe the overall structure of an organism - their genetic material. Similarly, each gene may or may not have associated information nearby that needs to also be noted when crafting a recipe for baking chocolate cake - those details would likely fall within the confines of molecular biology rather than pastry arts.	dna	How is dna analogous to manufacturing instructions?
Dna is analogous to manufacturing instructions because both are physical objects that can be used to produce a specific product.	dna	How is dna analogous to manufacturing instructions?
dna is analogous to a manufacturing instructions because it can be used to create products.	dna	How is dna analogous to manufacturing instructions?
DNA instructions are analogous to manufacturing instructions. They identify the steps a process must take in order to produce an object or molecule. For example, DNA instructions specify how chromosomes are packaged together during fertilization and development.	dna	How is dna analogous to manufacturing instructions?
There is no one answer to this question since DNA analogy can vary greatly depending on the context in which it is used. In general, DNA analogy can be seen as a way of discussing how literature works by using similarSimilarity metrics to measure similarities between texts.	dna	How is dna analogous to book?
 Book is a physical thing that helps you learn about and read books. Dna is like a book, but it can store information in many different forms.	dna	How is dna analogous to book?
The word "dna" is most analogous to the book in that it stores genetic information.	dna	How is dna analogous to book?
Book is analogous to data. Dna analogy reflects this point.	dna	How is dna analogous to book?
Dna analogy is similar to the book analogy. Book has a physical form and can be opened and closed. Like DNA, books have points of correspondence (or similarity) between them. Furthermore, books can be used as teachers' tools in instructional settings.	dna	How is dna analogous to book?
Glycogen is a stored energy source for cells, just like rechargeable batteries. Glycogen can be drawn down to supply energy while the battery is in storage and then recharged when needed.	glycogen	How is glycogen analogous to rechargeable batteries?
The analogy to rechargeable batteries is close. Glycogen can be used as a fuel for the battery, and when it runs out, the battery can be recharged by taking any carbohydrates that are available in the environment ( such as glucose from food).	glycogen	How is glycogen analogous to rechargeable batteries?
Glycogen is equivalent to rechargeable batteries, in that it can be used to store energy until needed. Glycogen works much like a battery, when you draw on it there's an increase in voltage and current. This means that glycogen can provide power for devices if they are plugged into the wall.	glycogen	How is glycogen analogous to rechargeable batteries?
Glycogen is a store of energy that can be used to generate power. Rechargeable batteries are designed to last for hours or longer after being fully charged, while glycogen-based batteries run for about 30 minutes on a full charge.	glycogen	How is glycogen analogous to rechargeable batteries?
Glycogen is analogous to rechargeable batteries in that it can be used over and over again.	glycogen	How is glycogen analogous to rechargeable batteries?
A glycogen store is a place where the body can store energy in the form of glucose. Stores like this can help muscles and other tissues "hold on" tofuel during low-energy moments, like when you are running or cycling. Glucose levels will return to normal once you start eating or exercising.	glycogen	How is glycogen analogous to supermarkets?
A glycogen store is a storage site for glucose molecules in the body, just like supermarkets. They are similar in that they offer an opportunity to buy goods and services at a lower cost than buying them face-to-face.	glycogen	How is glycogen analogous to supermarkets?
Glycogen is a form of energy storage in the body. It is like healthy supermarket shelves where you can find various foods that have been stored in bins or cases.	glycogen	How is glycogen analogous to supermarkets?
A glycogen store is analogous to a supermarket. It can be used up either as fuel for your muscles or as storage space for goods you purchase at the store	glycogen	How is glycogen analogous to supermarkets?
Glycogen is the main store of energy for muscles and other tissues. Grocery stores sell a variety of products that contain glycogen, such as bread, pasta, rice, cereal and fruit juices.	glycogen	How is glycogen analogous to supermarkets?
The endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to the offices of chiefs of different departments in that it oversees and manages a large number of proteins.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to offices of chiefs of different departments?
Endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to different departments in an office. The endoplasmic reticulum contains the proteins that make up the body's cells and are responsible for protein synthesis. It is also similar to a switchboard, where messages go in one direction and out another.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to offices of chiefs of different departments?
Endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to the office of chiefs in a department. The chief of that department oversees the operations of that department and makes decisions based on information received from other departments. Endoplasmic Reticulum oversees the operations of all cells within the body, including those within muscles, bone, and teeth.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to offices of chiefs of different departments?
The endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to the offices of chiefs of different departments in that it helps manage and control important molecules within the cells.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to offices of chiefs of different departments?
Endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to the offices of chiefs in departments. The endoplasmic reticulum controls the function of all cells, and it is through its control that a department can operate efficiently.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to offices of chiefs of different departments?
Endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to a classroom in that it is a place where materials are stored and used. The endoplasmic reticulum also helps with the organization of proteins and other molecules into their correct sequence.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to classroom?
Endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to a classroom in that it is a site of storage and synthesis of proteins.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to classroom?
Endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to a classroom in how it contains cells that generate new proteins and enzymes. The endoplasmic reticulum also stores storage materials, such as food for later use.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to classroom?
Endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to the classroom because it provides storage for cells and facilitates their growth.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to classroom?
Endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to a classroom in that it is home to many proteins and enzymes. This website has more information about the structure and function of the endoplasmic reticulum.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to classroom?
 Endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to the restaurant kitchen, in that it stores food inside cells. The endoplasmic reticulum also contains a number of proteins that help with cell function.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to restaurant kitchen?
Endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to a restaurant kitchen where the cooks cook and process food using their hands. The endoplasmic reticulum contains many proteins that help control how food is organized and used in the body.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to restaurant kitchen?
The endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is analogous to the restaurant kitchen in terms of its function. The ER stores food within the cells, helps deliver nutrients and toxins to cells, and maintains the cell membrane.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to restaurant kitchen?
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a large and complex organelle in the cells of the body. It helps to store food, Treponema pallidum, which can be used later for energy. The ER resembles a kitchen utensil where dishes are placed on a dish rack and then chopped into small pieces.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to restaurant kitchen?
Endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to the restaurant kitchen because it houses all the enzymes that help make food.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to restaurant kitchen?
The endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to industry in that it controls the chemical reactions inside cells.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to industry?
The endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to the industry in that it helps control the way cells communicate with one another. The endoplasmic reticulum also helps store food and nutrients within the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to industry?
The endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to industry in that it is a large, closed system that helps store energy and keep cells functioning.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to industry?
The endoplasmic reticulum is analogous toindustry in that it provides the physical foundation for cells and their surroundings. It contains proteins that organize the cell, as well asMessenger RNA (mRNA) which import foreign genes into cells. The reticulum also helps keep cellular machinery running smoothly.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to industry?
Industry is based on the idea that materials and products are produced by means of a process called production. Endoplasmic reticulum, in contrast, isMechanism for creating proteins andOther molecules using energy from glucose Endoplasmic Reticulum	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum analogous to industry?
Golgi is similar to an office where people are working in the building of the municipal government. Golgi is a tool used to help organize information and make decisions.	golgi	How is golgi analogous to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government?
Golgi is analogous to the offices of a municipal government. People work in Golgi, and their work helps build the municipal government.	golgi	How is golgi analogous to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government?
Golgi is analogous to an office where people are working in the building of a municipal government. Golgi is also analogy for a laboratory because it has been shown that golgi sperm cells have the ability to form duplexed heterozygous chromosomes	golgi	How is golgi analogous to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government?
Golgi is analogous to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government. Golgi was designed as a tool for research and study, and it allows scientists and engineers to perform researches on a large scale. Office spaces are usually small, which limits how much work can be done at one time. Golgi however, has an area of over 100 square meters that makes it ideal for researchers and engineers	golgi	How is golgi analogous to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government?
Golgi is analogous to an office where people are working in the building of the municipal government.	golgi	How is golgi analogous to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government?
Plasma membrane analogy is an interesting comparison because the edges of cities are typically more developed than the center.edged buildings, intersections of streets and avenues, and other features make for a more active cityscape. In contrast, a human Plasma Membrane analogy would roughly correspond to the outskirts or rural area in most cases.	plasma membrane	How is plasma membrane analogous to edge of the city?
 Plasma membrane is analogous to edge of the city because it is a type of lipidJUST as lipoproteins are proteins.	plasma membrane	How is plasma membrane analogous to edge of the city?
 Plasma membrane is analogous to the edge of a city. The plasma membrane is responsible for keeping cells sealed and prevents toxins from entering or leaving the cell.	plasma membrane	How is plasma membrane analogous to edge of the city?
Plasma membrane is analogous to the edge of the city. It's a thin sheet of material that lines up with the outside world and helps keep things inside the cell.	plasma membrane	How is plasma membrane analogous to edge of the city?
 Plasma membrane is analogous to the edge of the city. The plasma membrane is made up of a unique type of lipid that is soluble in water and does not react with other molecules.	plasma membrane	How is plasma membrane analogous to edge of the city?
Lysosomes are analogous to police stations, in that they provide storage space for spilled or dirty DNA and components of biochemistry.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to police station?
Lysosomes are analogous to police stations in that they play a role in the recycling of cells and materials.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to police station?
Lysosomes are analogous to police stations in that they serve as a storage and disposal area for cells garbage.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to police station?
Lysosomes are analogous to police stations in that they store and process waste.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to police station?
Lysosomes are analogous to police stations in that they are used to store and recycle cells' waste.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to police station?
A lysosome is a type of storage container in the body that stores and releases enzymes to digest food. Similar to hospitals, lysosomes are used to clean up waste products from the body.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to hospital?
Lysosomes are analogous to hospitals. They are large, cylindrical structures that store and distributeMacro cells byRemove of lysosomal material	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to hospital?
Lysosomes are analogous to hospitals in that they help clean up materials that have been released into the body.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to hospital?
Lysosomes are analogous to hospitals, in that they serve as a repository for materials and waste. They can also be used to extract nutrients or remove toxins from cells.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to hospital?
Lysosome is like a hospital. It stores and expelled waste products from the body.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to hospital?
Lysosomes are similar to garbage disposal in that they help recycle nutrients and waste from the body.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to garbage disposal?
Lysosomes are like garbage disposal systems in that they work to break down food waste and remove usable nutrients from it. In contrast, a garbage disposal cleanly separates metals and plastics from the meal while getting rid of bacteria associated with these materials.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to garbage disposal?
The lysosome is a muscular organ that helps to remove cellular material from the body. Garbage disposal can be thought of as more like an emotional dance than anything else- you have to keep your steps consistent and never stop moving lest you lose control, or worse, damage something important in the process such as the blades on your garbage disposal. The same goes for lysosomes- they need to move constantly if they want to clean up all of the cells that were eliminated in digestion.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to garbage disposal?
Lysosomes are analogous to garbage disposal in that they help clean up waste products and compost them.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to garbage disposal?
Lysosomes are analogous to garbage disposal in that they help recycle debris and other cellular waste. Lysosomes also break down proteins, beneficial cells, and measured fractions of bacteria until the final product is a harmless saline solution called lysate.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to garbage disposal?
Lysosomes are analogous to incenerators in that they generate energy by engulfing material and breaking it down into useful chemicals. Incenerator cells also produce heat, which helps them digest food.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to incenerator?
Lysosomes are analogous to incenerators in that they create clean energy by breaking down organic material.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to incenerator?
Lysosomes are analogous to incenerators in that they help the body rid of toxins and waste products.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to incenerator?
 Lysosomes are analogous to incenerator in that they destroy Old World Storey virus-infected cells using a process called lysosomal acidification. Incenerators also lyse cells by breaking down the cell wall, releasing enzymes and proteins that cause cellular death.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to incenerator?
The lysosome is a small,Window-like organ found in the body that allows bacteria to break down food and release energy. Lysosomes also recycle nutrients and proteins. Incenerators are large machines that create heat and subsequently destroy waste material inside of them by using an incinerator setting to cause a fire within the machine which destroys all types of materials including cells and DNA	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to incenerator?
Lysosomes are a type of organelle in the body that helps to clean up cells and debris. They have similarities to stomachs, but they are less developed.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to stomach?
 Lysosomes are analogous to stomachs in that they degrade dissolved materials. The difference is that lysosomes have a Cutter enzyme and stomach utilizes shredding enzymes.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to stomach?
The lysosome is analogous to the stomach in that it helps break down food.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to stomach?
Lysosomes are analogous to the stomach, in that they perform344 digestion and recycling of food. Lysosomes also store nutrients awaiting translation into proteins inside their interior, where they will be consumed by cells.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to stomach?
Lysosomes are analogous to the stomach in that they degrade and remove wastes from cells. They also lack a cell wall, which allows them to move easily through the cell membrane.	lysosome	How is lysosome analogous to stomach?
The garbage delivery system of the body is called the liver. The liver stores toxins in two phases: trash and recyclable materials. The key to keeping your liver healthy is getting rid of surplus garbage. When you eat, drink, or exercise, your body breaks down food into its component chemicals and wastes them by cooking off the proteins and lipids (amino acids), breaking down carbohydrates and other fibers, producing gases such as carbon dioxide and hydrogen oxide (H2O), which leaves the blood stream in aqueous form.	peroxisomes	How is peroxisomes analogous to garbage delivery system?
Garbage delivery systems are often analogy to the different ways that cells produce energy. One example is when muscles contract and push fluid through a system such as a veins, arteries or gutters. Another analogy is with the way that bacteria produces methane oxide in their own microcosms. The process of garbage disposal typically separates solid waste from watery trash, but peroxisomes do not have any distinguishing features other than being similar in function to garbage Scoopers.	peroxisomes	How is peroxisomes analogous to garbage delivery system?
The peroxisomes are like the garbage delivery system in the body. They take up space in the cytoplasm and package materials for conversion into energy by photosynthesis.	peroxisomes	How is peroxisomes analogous to garbage delivery system?
The peroxisomes are analogous to the garbage delivery system in that they help deliver waste products from cells into the lumen of the host cell. This process occurs through a series of openings called pores. The waste products enter through these pores and then travel down a long tube, known as an organic pathway, which ultimately arrives at thecell'soplasmas.	peroxisomes	How is peroxisomes analogous to garbage delivery system?
The garbage delivery system analogy would be peroxisomes. Trash and recyclable materials are delivered to the appropriate receptacles, while garbage is sent directly to the landfill. In addition, peroxisomes are involved in recycling or composting food waste by breaking down carbohydrates, proteins and other oils into usable chemicals that can then be deposited back into the soil as fertilizer.	peroxisomes	How is peroxisomes analogous to garbage delivery system?
Restaurants use energy to cook food, provide heat for the building, and lights. Mitochondria do not use energy to cook food or provide heat; they are like cells in our bodies that create energy by breaking down molecules of DNA into their component atoms.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to restaurants?
Mitochondria are typical of restaurants in that they rely on the respiration of cells to create energy. Restaurants use air or other breatheable gases as fuel, which is then converted into mechanical energy through the action of a compelor gene.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to restaurants?
Mitochondria are analogous to restaurants in that they act as the power plant of the cell. They generate energy by burning nutrients that come into contact with them from food or other sources.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to restaurants?
Mitochondria are analogous to restaurants in that they serve food. Mitochondria produce energy from the nutrients that their cells scavenge, and they use this energy to create molecules called ATPases (ADP-ribose polymerases).	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to restaurants?
In restaurants, the cooking process of food creates energy in the form of heat. This energy is used by the restaurant to cook and serve food. Similarly, mitochondria are similar to other cells in that they create energy through respiration. The difference between mitochondria and other cells is that mitochondria have their own DNA (dna) and can use this DNA to repair themselves so that they can continue serving Kundalini Yoga students activating their chakras!	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to restaurants?
An electric station is an energy source for powering a motor, lightbulbs or other appliances. In contrast, mitochondria are the organelles in cells that produce energy from genetic DNA.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to electric station?
Electric station analogy: Electricity comes from an electric generator. Mitochondria come from the body, and generate their energy by transforming sugarcubes into small proteins calleducrose kinases that help to create ATP.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to electric station?
In mitochondria, the energy production comes from the burning of mitochondrial lipids. This is similar to an electric station where you light a match and it produces electricity.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to electric station?
Mitochondria are analogous to electric stations because they provide energy for the body.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to electric station?
Monomitria is an analogy to electric station because mitochondria generate energy by burning organic molecules and building up an electrical potential.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to electric station?
Mitochondria are like burger drawers. They take in oxygen from the air and use its energy to produce glucose, which is then used for energy by other cells in your body.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to burger drawers?
The cells of the body are divided into different layers called organelles. These Organelles include mitochondria, and they play an important role in energy production by converting food energy intoATP.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to burger drawers?
Mitochondria are the organelles in cells that produce energy using the chemical ATP. They look a bit like burger drawers, because they are lined with proteinaceous material and have an opening at one end for insertion of food.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to burger drawers?
Mitochondria are analogous to burger drawers in that they house the energy-producing cells of the body. They can be collapsed or opened up, depending on how much space they need.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to burger drawers?
Mitochondria are analogous to burger drawers in that they store energy. Unlike a Burger King, however, mitochondria do not cook the food.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to burger drawers?
Mitochondria are analogous to power plant in that they generate energy from the food waste of animals and plants.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to power plant?
Mitochondria are analogous to power plant in that they produce energy from the chemical reactions inside their cell.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to power plant?
 mitochondria are analogous to power plant in that they are responsible for the production of energy within cells.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to power plant?
There are certain similarities between mitochondria and power plants. Both contain microorganisms that produce energy, like bacteria in a power plant, while also consuming oxygen to do so. Mitochondria also use potassium ions as energy storage materials.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to power plant?
Mitochondria are analogous to power plants in that they help produce energy by transforming a chemical called pyruvate into ATP.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria analogous to power plant?
Chloroplast is similar to food production factory in that it produces cells, proteins and other biochemicals.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to food production factory?
Chloroplasts are specialized cells within the plant cell that produce light and oxygen.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to food production factory?
Chloroplast analogy is useful to understand how chloroplasts are used in food production. Chloroplasts are similar to the cells of a plant, which produce energy using photosynthesis. Unlike traditional plants where photosynthesis takes place in the root system or leaves, chloroplasts occur solitary and can be found anywhere green tissue is present on aplant. They use light energy to continue synthesizing substances inside theirchloroplasts called phytochrome.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to food production factory?
There is no one answer to this question because chloroplast proteins are not always equivalent to food production factories. Some of the similarities between chloroplasts and food production factories include that they both contain organic materials (carbohydrates, lipids, etc.), a photosynthetic process called light energy harvesting and conversion, and storage in cells for nutrients.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to food production factory?
Chloroplast is analogous to a food production factory where the chloroplasts are used as factories for making proteins.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to food production factory?
Chloroplast analogy is based on the similarity in structure of chloroplasts and solar cells. Chloroplasts are organelles within cells that use electron-transport proteins to glean energy from light, while solar cells convert sunlight into electrical current.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to solar energy plants?
Chloroplast analogy has been drawn between solar energy plants and chloroplasts in the sense that both are organic cellular structures made up of Organic molecules. Solar cells because they use light to convert chemical reactions into electrical current whilechloroplasts do not require light as a source but allow carbon dioxide gas fixation through photosynthesis	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to solar energy plants?
Chloroplast analogy is that chloroplasts are involved in photosynthesis, while solar energy plants use light to convert carbon dioxide and water into glucose.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to solar energy plants?
A chloroplast is a type of eukaryotic organism that contains chloroplasts, which are small discs that mediate photosynthesis. Solar energy plants use light to convert carbon dioxide and water into organic Matter, which the plant can then store for future growth.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to solar energy plants?
Chloroplast analogy is that chloroplasts are like solar energy plants. Solar energy plant photosynthesis takes in light and turns it into chemical energy, which can be used to create organic matter such as carbohydrates or proteins. Chloroplasts are the same type of device, they also take light in but convert it into electric current. This electrical current allows them to use their own energy to do something else with the light - making photosynthesis possible.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to solar energy plants?
A chloroplast is analogous to the kitchen appliance that helps cook food.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to kitchen?
Chloroplasts are organelles in plants, similar to kitchen cabinets. The chloroplast is the primary organelle within a chloroplastic cell and nation responsible for photosynthesis.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to kitchen?
Chloroplast is analogous to kitchen because it is a membranous organelle in the cell. Chloroplasts are responsible for photosynthesis, which helps plants create food sources that provide energy to grow.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to kitchen?
A chloroplast is analogous to a kitchen knife in that it helps with the process of photosynthesis. Chloroplasts are found in plant cells and allow light energy to reach the water molecule inside the cell. This then creates organic molecules that can be used by plants for food or coat their leaves in some form of armor against predators.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to kitchen?
A chloroplast is analogous to a kitchen sink. It helps nutrients pass through the plant cell walls and into the soil where they will be used by plants.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to kitchen?
Solar panels are powered by natural sunlight. Chloroplast is not powered by light, but rather it relies on an aerobic process to produce energy from carbon dioxide and water.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to solar panels?
Chloroplast analogy is based on the fact that chloroplasts are organelles in a plant cell, and solar panels use photosynthesis to generate energy. SolarPanel analogy would be that chloroplasts are like an electronic device used to convert sunlight into electrons which can then be used by muscles or cells	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to solar panels?
Chloroplasts are like solar panels in that they can convert sunlight into electronic energy. Solar panels use photons to create electricity, while chloroplasts do the same with electrons.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to solar panels?
Chloroplast analogy is a good way to describe solar panels. Solar panels are made of materials that work together to generate power, such as metal and plastic. Chloroplasts are similar to solar panels in that they too create energy by converting light into chemical energy.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to solar panels?
Chloroplasts are invertebrate cells that can photosynthesize. Solar panels convert light energy into useful electrical energy, which is used to run appliances or lights. Chloroplasts are type of plant cell that can synthesize carbon dioxide from water and sunlight.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast analogous to solar panels?
The cytoskeleton is analogous to the street. It is a tangled web of proteins that assist cells in moving and positioning themselves. The cytoskeleton is also responsible for making bones, lens crystals, heart valves and other organs.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton analogous to street?
The cytoskeleton is analogous to the street in that it helps cells move and interact with one another. The cytoskeleton is made of proteins that allow cells to crawl, bound together with filaments called microtubules.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton analogous to street?
Cytoskeleton analogy to street can be made by thinking of the cytoskeleton as an organizational infrastructure that enables cells to move and cooperate. This comparison is helpful in understanding how cytoskeleton affects cell movement and trafficking.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton analogous to street?
The cytoskeleton is analogous to the street. It is a series of tubes that interconnected cells and allowed them to move around in response to physical stimuli.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton analogous to street?
Citoskeleton is analogous to street. The cytoskeleton is responsible for the movement of cells and tissues in the body. It also helps to protect cells from damage.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton analogous to street?
Metal frameworks are often made up of large sheets of metal that are joined together by welding. The metal framework helps create structures like a house, car, or boat. Cytoskeleton is also similar to metal framework in that it is made up of smaller pieces that connect and support one another.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton analogous to metal framework?
Cytoskeleton analogy can be made by looking at metal framework. Metal frameworks are filled with tubes that allow the metal to move around and interact with other materials. Cytoskeletal proteins are similar to metal tubes, and they work together to keep the cytoskeleton in place.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton analogous to metal framework?
Cytoskeleton analogy is that metal framework similar to how cytoskeleton supports organism.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton analogous to metal framework?
Cytoskeleton is analogous to metal framework because it can be used to support and move cells.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton analogous to metal framework?
The cytoskeleton is analogy to metal framework because it provides support for the cell and helps with movement.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton analogous to metal framework?
Atp is an analogy for ready to eat food because it is a nutrient that can be processed and consumed right away without having to cook or wait.	atp	How is atp analogous to ready to eat food?
As with ready to eat food, an atp is a form of sustenance that can be eaten. However, unlike a full meal, an atp is usually composed of individual components that are prepped and tailored specifically for the eater's needs.	atp	How is atp analogous to ready to eat food?
Atp is an analogy because it compares the person to a plate of food.	atp	How is atp analogous to ready to eat food?
Atp is similar to ready-to-eat food because it can be consumed immediately after purchase.	atp	How is atp analogous to ready to eat food?
Atp is an analogy to ready to eat food because it can be eaten once the individual has first cultivated their appetite.	atp	How is atp analogous to ready to eat food?
The atp analogy is not perfect. Atp is not a battery, and it does not hold an electric current like a battery does. However, some scientists think that the similarities between atp and batteries may be Corridor to conclude that they are related in some way.	atp	How is atp analogous to charged battery?
Atp is analogous to a charged battery. They both contain positive and negative cations, which cause an electric field when they are in contact with one another.	atp	How is atp analogous to charged battery?
The atp analogy is a good one. Voltage is like amps and current is like watts.	atp	How is atp analogous to charged battery?
Atp is analogous to a charged battery.	atp	How is atp analogous to charged battery?
Atp is analogous to a charged battery. When an atp user charges their device, the energy from the atp applied to the battery will discharge it, providing power until it runs out of power.	atp	How is atp analogous to charged battery?
The purpose of atp is to help people transfer money.	atp	How is atp analogous to money?
Atp is analogous to money because it can be used in transactions to create units of account.	atp	How is atp analogous to money?
The main analogy between atp and money is the ability to use it as a medium of exchange. Money, like atp, can be used to purchase goods and services. Additionally, unlike currency, money cannot be reloaded or replaced.	atp	How is atp analogous to money?
Atp is analogous to money because it can be used as a unit of account and can be exchanged for other goods or services.	atp	How is atp analogous to money?
Atp is similar to money because it can be used as a currency.	atp	How is atp analogous to money?
Nadph is an analogy for bus because both services connect different areas of town.	nadph	How is nadph analogous to bus?
Nadph is an analogy for bus.	nadph	How is nadph analogous to bus?
Nadph is analogous to bus because it conveys passengers between destinations. Nadph also has a limited range, making it preferable for travel within city limits rather than long distances.	nadph	How is nadph analogous to bus?
Nadph is an analogy to bus. Nadph corresponds to the basic pumping action of a bus, which includes generating and	nadph	How is nadph analogous to bus?
Nadph is the electrical equivalent of a bus. Nadph allows for instantaneous transfer of information between nodes in a network, as well as facilitating communication within connected networks.	nadph	How is nadph analogous to bus?
There is no definitive answer to this question as the similarity between peroxysome and street cleaners can vary depending on what specifically is being cleaned. However, one way that peroxysomes may be analogyically similar to street cleaners is in their role of breaking down complex molecules into simpler units. Street sweepers also contain brushes and dirt particles that are swept away by the wind, which can provide a model for how peroxysomes might work in cleaning up stressed or dysfunctional cells.	peroxysome	How is peroxysome analogous to street cleaners?
The organelle of the cells that make up the body are called "zones." The mitochondria in these zones generate energy. Street cleaners remove dirt and other debris from surfaces by using their vacuum cleaner to suck out particles. They do this by breaking down proteins into smaller fragments, which they then swallow unbroken.	peroxysome	How is peroxysome analogous to street cleaners?
The interior of a peroxysome is similar to the inside of a street cleaner. A street cleaner starts with an initial solution that consists of water and carbon dioxide. TheStreet Sweeper then uses suction to lift dirt and dust particles off of surfaces. Finally, the Street Sweeper contains a chemical called lanthanumphosphate which activates enzymes in the enzyme-promoting labradorite cycle to break down lignans (plant chemicals) into their component molecules	peroxysome	How is peroxysome analogous to street cleaners?
The peroxisome is a type of organelle in the cells that perform chemical reactions. These reactions can include breaking down things like DNA and proteins into their component molecules. Street cleaners use enzymes to break down dirt, dust, and other materials.	peroxysome	How is peroxysome analogous to street cleaners?
The peroxysome is a type of organelle in the cells that house important molecules, enzymes and other proteins. Street cleaners use oxygen to break down large pieces of dirt, dust or plastics. The peroxysome does the same thing but uses hydrogen gas instead of oxygen.	peroxysome	How is peroxysome analogous to street cleaners?
Yes, mytochondria is similar in function to power point. Both are used to create slideshows of slide presentations with accompanying narration. Mytochondria can be used to express ideas and insights more effectively on a larger scale than PowerPoint.	mytochondria	How is mytochondria analogous to power point?
The tochondria analogy is that it is a way of visualizing the spaces between your vertebrae. PowerPoint allows you to make objectives and deadlines for presentations, while also providing an easy way to communicate with others.	mytochondria	How is mytochondria analogous to power point?
Tochondria is analogous to PowerPoint because both are presentations that allow viewers to Lack, Hope and change its content according the audience's desires.	mytochondria	How is mytochondria analogous to power point?
Tochondria is similar to PowerPoint because both are interactive tools that allow you to present information in a concise and easy-to-understand manner.	mytochondria	How is mytochondria analogous to power point?
Yes, tochondria is very similar in function as a power point. A powered projection device platforms an image on a screen and enables users to communicate by drawing upon the image itself. Tochondria is used similarly in its ability to provide support for cranial vertebrae within the body through suspension from the back of the skull.	mytochondria	How is mytochondria analogous to power point?
Electric forces are like magnets. When two materials are close together (compared to a far away object), the electric field between them will cause an attractive force. The more distant the material, the weaker this force likely is.	electric forces	How is electric forces analogous to comb and pieces of paper?
Electric forces are similar to comb and pieces of paper because they can be used to push or pull objects.	electric forces	How is electric forces analogous to comb and pieces of paper?
Electric forces are analogous to comb and pieces of paper because they attract and push each other towards a central location.	electric forces	How is electric forces analogous to comb and pieces of paper?
Electric fields are analogous to comb and pieces of paper in that they can cause electric force. Electric fields act like a lever which can move objects by attracting energy from the surroundings.	electric forces	How is electric forces analogous to comb and pieces of paper?
Electric fields are analogous to comb and pieces of paper in that they can cause movement or separation of matter.	electric forces	How is electric forces analogous to comb and pieces of paper?
The hydrogen electron's orbital is analogous to Earth's atmosphere. The energy of a hydrogen atom is released when it takes the free electrons away from one of its protons in order to form water molecules.	hydrogen electron's orbital	How is hydrogen electron's orbital analogous to earths atmosphere?
Hydrogen electron's orbital analogy to earths atmosphere is that the ground state of hydrogen (0 K) is analogous to the air-ground state of air (metals and oxygen). This because in water, any McClellan number less than 0.4 corresponds to an environment with a greater concentration of electrons orbiting around the nucleus due to H 2 O's superpositioning effect.	hydrogen electron's orbital	How is hydrogen electron's orbital analogous to earths atmosphere?
Hydrogen electron's orbital analogy to Earth's atmosphere is that it has a very low boiling point (133 K).	hydrogen electron's orbital	How is hydrogen electron's orbital analogous to earths atmosphere?
Hydrogen electron's orbital analogy to earth's atmosphere is that it is a gas. Earth's atmospheric pressure is 8 times greater than the pressure in hydrogen electron's orbit!	hydrogen electron's orbital	How is hydrogen electron's orbital analogous to earths atmosphere?
The hydrogen electron's orbital analogy is that of an atom with a nucleus. In theosphere, water molecules have a positively charged proton and a negatively charged carbon-carbon triple bond. The same is true for atoms in thehydrogen orbitals.	hydrogen electron's orbital	How is hydrogen electron's orbital analogous to earths atmosphere?
The first line of defense in the body analogy is police station. A police officer sits at a desk and patrols the area, checking for crime. The same principle applies to a person: they sit at home and stay safe from harm.	first line of defense in the body	How is first line of defense in the body analogous to police station?
A first line of defense in the body is analogous to a police station. The police station provides locations for officers to detain people, secure premises, and make arrests.	first line of defense in the body	How is first line of defense in the body analogous to police station?
At a police station, first line of defense is the officers who are duty-bound to monitor and maintain order. This includes policemen in uniform and peace officers working as part of a shift.	first line of defense in the body	How is first line of defense in the body analogous to police station?
In the body, first line of defense is analogous to policestation. First, officers are stationed at the station to provide support as needed and act as a deterrent against crime. Second, corridors and other areas near the station are barricaded off so that criminals can't approach or escape. Finally, police officer's radios feed information about crimes taking place in the area back to headquarters where detectives can investigate more quickly.	first line of defense in the body	How is first line of defense in the body analogous to police station?
First line of defense in the body analogy is analogous to a police station. Officers provide security and protect people from harm. This can be done in many ways, such as providing backup if someone falls or gets injured, arresting someone if they start causing trouble, or keeping an eye on proceedings so that everyone understands what's going on.	first line of defense in the body	How is first line of defense in the body analogous to police station?
Macrophages are related to guards type cells because they patrol and keep the area clean.	macrophages	How is macrophages analogous to guards?
Macrophages are analogous to guards in that they patrol the body and remove debris.	macrophages	How is macrophages analogous to guards?
A macrophage is an important part of the immune system that uses its abilities to engulf and destroy" hostile "microbes. Guards are a type of animal that has sharp claws on one or both feet and patrols their territory looking for predators. Macrophages have similar capabilities, but they also destroy cells that are not considered beneficial to the body.	macrophages	How is macrophages analogous to guards?
Macrophages are analogous to guards in that they are important for deterring infection and killer cells.	macrophages	How is macrophages analogous to guards?
Macrophages are analogous to guards in that they patrol the area where they reside, killing anyTHING that gets within their reach.	macrophages	How is macrophages analogous to guards?
T-helper cells are analogous to constables in that they help with guard duty.	t-helper cells	How is t-helper cells analogous to constables?
T-helper cells are analogous to constables in that they serve as a backup resource for the body's immune system.	t-helper cells	How is t-helper cells analogous to constables?
In some ways, t-helper cells are analogous to constables. Constables enforce law by arresting offenders and bringing them to justice. T-Helper cells promote health by killing disease organisms.	t-helper cells	How is t-helper cells analogous to constables?
T-helper cells are similar to constables in that they are responsible for monitoring and regulating the activity of other cells.	t-helper cells	How is t-helper cells analogous to constables?
T- helper cells are analogous to constables in that they help to protect the body by helping to fight off infections and other diseases.	t-helper cells	How is t-helper cells analogous to constables?
One analogy that comes to mind is Inspector Clouseau. He is a symbol of authority and efficiency, but also independence and self-reliance. In the same way, b-lymphocytes are autonomous cells that work independently to protect the body. They share some similarities with police inspectors, such as their ability to identify dangerous pathogens and toxins in blood samples.	b-lymphocytes	How is b-lymphocytes analogous to police inspector?
B-lymphocytes are analogous to police inspectors in that they have a mission, which is to protect the body. They are also similar because they can differentiate between self and other cells and act as a fence between the immune system and cancer.	b-lymphocytes	How is b-lymphocytes analogous to police inspector?
B-lymphocytes are analogous to police inspectors in that they are used to investigate crimes.	b-lymphocytes	How is b-lymphocytes analogous to police inspector?
The police inspector is a type of officer in the British justice system who investigates complaints and conducts investigations. B-lymphocytes are similar to police inspectors in that they investigate issues related to infection, including pathogens such as bacteria and viruses.	b-lymphocytes	How is b-lymphocytes analogous to police inspector?
B-lymphocytes are analogous to police inspectors in that they investigate crimes.	b-lymphocytes	How is b-lymphocytes analogous to police inspector?
It is not clear how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes are analogous to action force.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	How is cytotoxic t-lymphocytes analogous to action force?
The cytotoxic lymphocytes share a few key similarities with action force. First, they are produced in high numbers when there is an intrusion of foreign cells or tumor cells into the body, and they play a critical role in killing these invaders. Second, like action force, cytotoxic lymphocytes have a high level of energy (speckle) that can lead to damage and inflammation. Finally, cytotoxic lymphocytes also use their energy to interact with other cells and tissues in order to kill them off.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	How is cytotoxic t-lymphocytes analogous to action force?
The same analogy can be made to cytotoxic lymphocytes, which are analogous to action force. Cytotoxic lymphocytes kill cells by destroying the cells DNA and proteins. Action force is a measure of how much energy an object can push through one or more openings before becoming exhausted.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	How is cytotoxic t-lymphocytes analogous to action force?
Citrulline is a nitrogen-containing compound that can be found in high levels in the blood of athletes and those working at high intensities. Citrulline has been shown to reduce protein synthesis by t-lymphocytes, analogous to action force reduction achieved through muscle contraction.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	How is cytotoxic t-lymphocytes analogous to action force?
Citotoxic t-lymphocytes are analogous to action force. T-lymphocytes have the ability to kill target cells by stimulating an immune response and destroying molecules on their surface that are explosives or toxins.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	How is cytotoxic t-lymphocytes analogous to action force?
The analogy between colonization by bacteria and invasion by colonialism is very close. Both involve the spread of a new organism into an existing ecosystem, in this case soldiers from one group invading another to establish dominance over it. Colonialism involved the displacement of indigenous people and animals, while bacterial colonization has caused more human casualties than colonial invasion.	invasion of bacterias	How is invasion of bacterias analogous to colonial invasion in a country?
 Invasion of bacterias analogy to colonial invasion in a country would be that the colonies are invading another country's soil and population, while the original inhabitants are defending themselves.	invasion of bacterias	How is invasion of bacterias analogous to colonial invasion in a country?
When a foreign country invade bacterias, the bacteria are colonized and may produce new resistance genes. Colonial invasion in a country is analogous to when colonists invaded a native tribe.	invasion of bacterias	How is invasion of bacterias analogous to colonial invasion in a country?
A colonial invasion analogy would be to compare the invade of bacterias to the colonists Invasion of Africa in the 15th century.	invasion of bacterias	How is invasion of bacterias analogous to colonial invasion in a country?
In both cases, a foreign entity is invading the borders of an uninhabited country in order to spread its culture and organism onto that soil. Colony Invasion generally refers to an invasion by bacteria while Colonial Invasion typically refers to invasion by capitalistic entities (such as colonialism).	invasion of bacterias	How is invasion of bacterias analogous to colonial invasion in a country?
Action potential is analogous to the assembly line in that it is a way of manufacturing things. The action potential is theSIGNALofanorganism-thethingthatisbeingproduced.Assemblyline  Assembly line	action potential	How is action potential analogous to assembly line?
When a worker assembles an object, they are physically and emotionally assembling it. The worker is using their physical energy and skills to assemble the object into a working order. Similarly, when a neuron fires, it results in an action potential that travels down the axon and affects other neurons in its vicinity.	action potential	How is action potential analogous to assembly line?
Action potential is a analogy to the assembly line because both are methods of producing objects. Action potentials happen when cells Jesse contact an object, like a white blood cell contacting a virus. These interactions create the electrical signals that allow cells to communicate with one another and respond appropriately to stimuli. Assembly lines produce products by assembling different pieces together in order to form something new.	action potential	How is action potential analogous to assembly line?
Action potential analogy is often used to describe the process of assembling a product. The action potential in a neuron (or other cell) signals the conversion of chemical energy into electrical energy, which can be processed by the cells' own proteins and nutrients.	action potential	How is action potential analogous to assembly line?
Action potentials are analogous to assembly line lines in that they are used to produce a finished product. The process of producing action potentials is similar to the process of manufacturing products. Assembly line workers move materials between stations, while production Line workerspressing buttons or moving levers create a final product.	action potential	How is action potential analogous to assembly line?
A car is taken on a day trip by using a highway. The driver leaves the city and drives for hours, eventually reaching their destination. In chromatography, the same process is used to isolate particles from a sample: thechromatograph collects small molecules (chromates) while adsorption transports large Molecules such as water or alcohol.	experiment of chromatography	How is experiment of chromatography analogous to two cars taking a day trip?
A car taking a day trip is composed of several parts: the vehicle, the driver, the passengers, and the luggage. Each part carries its own weight and needs to be carried carefully to ensure safe passage. The same is true for chromatography; each step in chromatography requires careful attention to detail so that it produces clean products.	experiment of chromatography	How is experiment of chromatography analogous to two cars taking a day trip?
The analogy is approximate. In chromatography, the particles in the sample areated against each other and then passed through a filter to remove those with oil or water content. The result of this process is a list of components that have been separated from one another: molecules such as oil and water, dirt and proteins, etc.	experiment of chromatography	How is experiment of chromatography analogous to two cars taking a day trip?
The analogy is that of chromatography taking a day trip. The process of chromatography separates the suspended material from the solid phase. On day one, the car travels around town and stops at different landmarks to take in the sights and smells. On day two, the car returns to its original location but now has more suspension so it can move around better.	experiment of chromatography	How is experiment of chromatography analogous to two cars taking a day trip?
The cars are equipped with chromatography equipment to separation substances. The experiment is like taking a day trip, where the substances are separated in different parts of the car.	experiment of chromatography	How is experiment of chromatography analogous to two cars taking a day trip?
Main-sequencelifetimes are analogous to how long a car can run. Stars go through a "main sequence" during their life, where they become more and more stable and less luminous.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	How is main-sequence lifetimes of stars analogous to how long a car can run?
The main-sequence lifetime of a star is analogous to the length of a car's run. A star will reach its final destination, die, and return to the same temperature and size as when it started.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	How is main-sequence lifetimes of stars analogous to how long a car can run?
Main-sequence stars have a very short lifespan, around 10 million years. This is compared to the life of a car which can run for many hundreds or thousands of miles before needing to be replaced.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	How is main-sequence lifetimes of stars analogous to how long a car can run?
Main-sequence stars have a life expectancy of around 100 million years. A car has a lifespan of around 200,000 miles.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	How is main-sequence lifetimes of stars analogous to how long a car can run?
Main-sequence lifetimes of stars are analogous to how long a car can run. The star is considered "young" when it is formed and continues to grow in size over its life. Its main sequence will eventually end, similar to the way our own lives do.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	How is main-sequence lifetimes of stars analogous to how long a car can run?
Nucleus is the center of a school, where students and teachers meet. Principals are responsible for the essential functions of schools - like teaching and learning.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to school principal?
Nucleus is the center of a school. School principals are responsible for setting guidelines and policies for their schools.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to school principal?
Nucleus and school principal are both leaders in their respective fields. They have a great deal of responsibility for the well-being of their students and ensure that all activities at the school are run with consistency.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to school principal?
Nucleus is the smallest and most fundamental unit of an atom. It consists of one or more protons with a negative charge, and it is surrounded by a cloud of electrically charged electrons. The nucleus oversees all the nuclear processes that occur in an atom, such as creating new atoms, reforming old ones, and Stacking Nuclei	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to school principal?
Nucleus is analogous to the school principal in that both positions have a lot of responsibility for the students and their well-being. The primary difference between the two jobs is that nuclei are not elected, but rather appointed by schools' governing bodies. This means that they typically serve oneterm, while principals can be retained for up to four years	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to school principal?
Nucleus is comparable to the factory manager in that it leads and oversees the production of products.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to factory manager?
A nucleus is a small, tiny part of an atom. Factory managers are people who direct the activities within a factory and make sure that the products they produce are meeting customer expectations.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to factory manager?
Nucleus is analogous to the factory manager in that it is responsible for stocking and organizing products. It also oversees production, manages workers, and ensures quality.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to factory manager?
Nucleus is analogous to a factory manager in that it oversees and directs the work done at the factory.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to factory manager?
Nucleus analogous to a factory manager because they are in charge of the manufacturing process and manage resources.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to factory manager?
Nucleus is analogous to the restaurant manager in that they are responsible for providing a safe and comfortable space where guests can enjoy their meal. They work closely with other members of the restaurant team to ensure that all guests have an enjoyable experience.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to restaurant manager?
Nucleus is similar to a restaurant manager in that they are responsible for the overall success of their establishment. They work with other departments, such as marketing and catering, to make sure that their food offerings meet the needs of customers. They also promulgate policies and oversee management techniques in order to ensure compliance with local standards.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to restaurant manager?
The nucleus analogy is helpful in that both positions have a major role in running the restaurant. The nucleus, or head of the restaurant, provides direction and oversees all activities within the business. The manager, on the other hand, manages employees and ensures that all operations meet customer demands.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to restaurant manager?
A nucleus is analogous to a restaurant manager in that they are responsible for the overall running of their establishment. They make decisions about what food to serve, how to serve it, and how much money they will earn from sales.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to restaurant manager?
Nuclear restaurant managers are responsible for overseeing the overall management of their restaurants and setting policies that affect the quality, presentation, and service of their stores. They may also be in charge of corresponding staff.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to restaurant manager?
Nucleus is analogous to brain in that it is a large,reements and storage of energy.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to brain?
Nucleus is analogous to brain in that they are two essential organs of the body.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to brain?
Nucleus is analogous to brain in that it represents the largest and most complex part of an organism. It also produces energy, which helps body to function.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to brain?
Nucleus is analogous to the brain in that it is a supportive structure for the cells in its vicinity.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to brain?
Nucleus is analogous to brain in that they are both composed of cells. Brain, like nucleus, has a small size and center of operations. Nucleus also contains nuclear RNA (ribonucleic acid) which helps the cell contract and divides; this is why nuclei are important in causing New Testament Christianity's belief in creationism	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to brain?
Nucleus is analogous to library because it stores information.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to library?
Nucleus is analogous to the library because it stores knowledge.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to library?
 library is a municipal institution in Sweden. It has collectives of readers who loan books to each other. So, the analogy between nucleus and library would be that nuclear structure is like reader loans while library system resembles collection of books	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to library?
A library is a collection of books, or any other type of physical objects. A nucleus is an atom, and the elements are the building blocks that make up atoms.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to library?
One analogy to use is the library. Libraries are collections of books, magazines, and other materials that can be accessed by anyone. In a similar way, nuclear reactors are collections of atoms that generate energy when they combine to create products like electricity or gas.	nucleus	How is nucleus analogous to library?
Ribosomes are analogous to school vice-principal. They are in charge of storing and delivering the genetic instructions for a protein.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to school vice-principal?
The ribosomes are analogy to a school vice-principal. The Ribosome is analogous to the Vice-Principal in that it is responsible for discipline and oversight of the school's students.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to school vice-principal?
Ribosomes are analogous to school vice-principal in that they organize and carry out the instructions of a text. As with a traditional highschool Principals, ribosomes (or "rbs" as they are more typically called) have the responsibility of ensuring that all student actions comply with rules and regulations.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to school vice-principal?
Ribosomes are typically compared to a school vice-principal because they carry out the instructions of proteins that create DNA in the cells. School vice- principals review and enforce discipline at schools and work with teachers to help children learn.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to school vice-principal?
Ribosomes are analogous to school vice-principal in that they are responsible for the writing of proteins (the building blocks of life) and help store those proteins.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to school vice-principal?
Ribosomes are analogous to hamburger cook because they catalyze the conversion of food-protein intoimilates.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to hamburger cook?
Ribosomes are analogous to hamburger cook in that they're used for the conversion of mRNA into protein.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to hamburger cook?
Ribosomes are analogous to hamburger cook in that they help create proteins.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to hamburger cook?
Ribosomes, like Hamburger cook, are analogous to protein enzymes that catalyze the chemical reactions in a biochemical reaction. The difference between Ribosomes and Hamburger cook is that Ribosomes are not present throughout the entire burger-making process, while Hamburger cook results in the creation of Creating burgers out of pieces of beef different sizes.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to hamburger cook?
Ribosomes are analogous to hamburger cook because they're used to make proteins.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to hamburger cook?
Ribosomes are analogous to machines in that they can translate mRNA into proteins.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to machines?
Ribosomes are analogous to machines because they use a set of rules that specify how the proteins in a cell are translated into RNA. Ribosomes also use serine and threonine residues as amino acids, which makes them easier to produce than other proteins.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to machines?
Ribosomes are analogous to machines insofar as they can be used to create proteins.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to machines?
Ribosomes are analogous to machines because they break down mRNA into smaller pieces that can be used by other cells.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to machines?
Ribosomes are analogous to machines because they can create proteins from small amounts of mRNA.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes analogous to machines?
Golgi apparatus is analogous to a teacher. A golgi apparatus can store and process images or video as well as concepts learned in learning methods such as classical conditioning.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus analogous to teacher?
Golgi apparatus is analogous to a teacher in that it helps organize and store data.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus analogous to teacher?
Golgi apparatus is analogous to a teacher. The Golgi apparatus helps in the transfer of information between cells.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus analogous to teacher?
In Golgi apparatus, the golgi body is a structure that helps store lipid droplets and vesicles. The golgi body also contains a number of proteins that help in preparatory processes during storage or transit of lipids.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus analogous to teacher?
Golgi apparatus analogy:Teacher is analogous to a Golgi apparatus, which is responsible for storage and retrieval of food. The Golgi apparatus can also be used to store proteins or other material.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus analogous to teacher?
Golgi apparatus is analogous to Container boxes in that the golgi apparatus house proteins and other cells.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus analogous to container boxes?
Golgi apparatus analogy: Golgi apparatus is a container box. The golgi apparatus houses proteins and other molecules.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus analogous to container boxes?
Container boxes are a common model for storing food and other items. golgi apparatus analogy would be to think of the Golgi apparatus as a container for cells, where each cell is in turncontained within another cell, and so on up until the final product or molecule.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus analogous to container boxes?
Golgi apparatus is similar to container boxes in that it contains cells and toxins. However, the golgi apparatus is also used for sorting molecules and for performing chemical reactions.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus analogous to container boxes?
Golgi apparatus is analogous to container boxes because they both provide a space for storage and allow the addition of new material. Additionally, golgi apparatus allows scientists to exam cells and other cells in detail by breaking them down into smaller pieces.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus analogous to container boxes?
A lysosome is a cell's natural cleaning mechanism. It sucks up materials that have been ingested by the cells and removes them using acid and enzymes.	lysosomes	How is lysosomes analogous to school janitor?
A lysosome is an important part of the cell's ability to recycle waste. It contains a mix of natural enzymes and artificial toxins that lysosomes use to degrade cells and tissues.	lysosomes	How is lysosomes analogous to school janitor?
Lysosomes are a type of cell that degrade proteins and other cells using lysosomal acidosis.	lysosomes	How is lysosomes analogous to school janitor?
 Lysosomes are analogous to school janitorial staff in that they clean up and take care of the messes made by other students.	lysosomes	How is lysosomes analogous to school janitor?
 Lysosomes are similar to school janitors in that they remove used substrates and materials from living cells.	lysosomes	How is lysosomes analogous to school janitor?
Nuclear envelope analogy is not perfect, but it gives a good understanding of the general idea. In school, main office is in the front of the building and nuclear envelope is behind it. The nuclear envelopes around our planet are made up of earth, moon, planets and asteroids.	nuclear envelope	How is nuclear envelope analogous to school main office?
The nuclear envelope is analogous to the school's main office. It houses and manages the school's resources, including finances, computers, and new technology.	nuclear envelope	How is nuclear envelope analogous to school main office?
A nuclear envelope analogy would be to say that the school's main office is like the nucleus of a atom. The uranium in aatom has both positive and negative charges. So too, the nuclear layer in an embryo is composed of both positively charged lipids (egg yolk and albumen) and negativelycharged proteins (such asoglobin).	nuclear envelope	How is nuclear envelope analogous to school main office?
A nuclear envelope analogy would be to say that the school is like a main office. The students (or staff) work in the main office, and the Nuclear Envelope is responsible for providing the safe and secure Haven for studying.	nuclear envelope	How is nuclear envelope analogous to school main office?
The nuclear envelope is analogous to the school's main office. The nuclear envelope contains all of a school'snuclear technology, including reactors and power plants.	nuclear envelope	How is nuclear envelope analogous to school main office?
A vacuole is analogous to a cabinet in that it houses cells. The walls of the vacuole are made up of small spaces into which the cell concentration can move.	vacuoles	How is vacuoles analogous to cabinets?
A vacuole is analogous to a cabinet in that it stores food.	vacuoles	How is vacuoles analogous to cabinets?
A vacuum cleaner has a cabinet on the front that houses all of the parts. The back of the vacuum cleaner also has a cabinet full of tools and accessories.	vacuoles	How is vacuoles analogous to cabinets?
The idea of a vacuum cleaner is to suck things up. A cabinet, on the other hand, can be thought of as an organizing tool that helps store things.	vacuoles	How is vacuoles analogous to cabinets?
Vacuoles are analogous to cabinets in that they provide space for items to be stored.	vacuoles	How is vacuoles analogous to cabinets?
Cytoplasmic proteins are equivalent to school secretaries in that they work with other proteins to carry out duties.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to school secretary?
Cytoplasm is analogous to the office of a school secretary. It is responsible for maintaining order in an organization, and performing basic tasks such as distributing materials, ordering books from the library, and checking account balances.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to school secretary?
Cytoplasm is analogous to the school secretary in that it helps organize and submit requests for permission from teacher assistants.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to school secretary?
In cytoplasm, cells have a plasma membrane that separates the cell culture medium from the organelles inside the cell. Eachorganelle is filled witha biochemicals and proteins. These chemicalsand proteins interact to generate electrical signals which are used bythe cell to respond to environmental cues (such as light or temperature).	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to school secretary?
Cytoplasm is analogous to school secretary because it is the largest part of a plant's cell. It houses the plant's genes and organs, including the leafy green cells that house chloroplasts.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to school secretary?
Cytoplasm is analogous to restaurant flooring because it can be used as a surface for bacteria, which growth on and ride the food particles.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to restaurant floor?
 Restaurants have a floor plan that is similar to the cytoplasm of cells. This layout supports food and preparation on one level while allowing space for Customers to dance, eat, and talk.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to restaurant floor?
A restaurant floor is a surface on which customers can wait for their food to be served. Cytoplasm is analogous to the restaurant floor because it houses cells that produce and utilize energy in order to create chemical reactions.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to restaurant floor?
Cytoplasm is analogous to restaurant floor because it is the environment in which cells live and divide.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to restaurant floor?
The cytoplasm of a eukaryotic cell is analogous to the restaurant floor. The cells are filled with nutrients and proteins, which are used by the cells for energy production.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to restaurant floor?
Cytoplasm is analogous to sandwich stuffing in that it is made up of many cells that are stacked one on top of the other.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to sandwich stuffing?
Cytoplasm is analogous to sandwich stuffing because it is a folded-up structure that contains cells and proteins.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to sandwich stuffing?
Cytoplasm is analogous to sandwich stuffing, which is a technique used in food cooking to increase the flavor and texture of food.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to sandwich stuffing?
Cytoplasm is analogous to sandwich stuffing in that it contains multiple proteins, lipids, and carbohydrates.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to sandwich stuffing?
Cytoplasm is analogous to sandwich stuffing. In sandwich stuffing, the three ingredients are combined together in a closed space and then cooked until they're sealed. Cytoplasm contains manybuilding blocks that are combine together to create new proteins or molecules.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm analogous to sandwich stuffing?
Chromosomes are analogous to websites in that they provide information about the genetic make-up of humans.	chromosome	How is chromosome analogous to school website?
Chromosomes are analogous to school websites in that they provide a means for study and access to information.	chromosome	How is chromosome analogous to school website?
Chromosomes are analogous to school websites in that they convey information about the genetic makeup of individuals.	chromosome	How is chromosome analogous to school website?
Chromosomes are analogous to school websites in that they contain information about the genetic make-up of a person.	chromosome	How is chromosome analogous to school website?
Chromosomes are analogous to school websites. They are used to promote the genetic diversity of organisms and their offspring, as well as identify similar genes in different species.	chromosome	How is chromosome analogous to school website?
 cytosol is responsible for the creation of all cellular material and performing many enzymatic reactions. staff is analogous to a chemical factory in that it manufactures cells, hormones, and other molecules.	cytosol	How is cytosol analogous to staff?
A cytosol is a pool of cells that are collecting material for cell division and energy production. Staff is analogous to cytosol because both have a structure in which the particles are held together by forces other than gravity.	cytosol	How is cytosol analogous to staff?
A cytosol is analogous to a staff. It is the site of protein synthesis in eukaryotic cells.	cytosol	How is cytosol analogous to staff?
cognitive neuroscience research on the function of cytosol has shown it to be a major component in memory, learning and synaptic plasticity.	cytosol	How is cytosol analogous to staff?
The cytosol is analogous to a staff. It stores energy and helps with the transport of molecules between cells.	cytosol	How is cytosol analogous to staff?
Cell is an analogy to a factory, where the cells produce different products. Factory workers are paid based on the amount of product they produce, while cellworkers receive pay for how many products they produce.	cell	How is cell analogous to factory?
Cell is analogous to a factory because it produces products. Factory can be used interchangeably with cell, but the two terms have different meanings.	cell	How is cell analogous to factory?
In a factory, the workers are like cells in an organism. They produce goods and services by chopping wood or welding materials together. The Factory is a large structure that contains all the tools necessary for creating the products the workers will use.	cell	How is cell analogous to factory?
Cell is analogous to a factory. A cell produces items by beingCombined with other cells, and then turned into products.	cell	How is cell analogous to factory?
A factory is a large, licensed and regulated business that manufactures products. A cell is similar to a product in that it can be produced by any number of cells in any amount and at any time.	cell	How is cell analogous to factory?
A vesicle is analogous to a transportation facility. They are small and can be easily transported around, allowing for quick access to information or substances.	vesicles	How is vesicles analogous to transportation facility?
 Vesicles are analogous to transportation facility in the sense that they can convey substances between different parts of a body.	vesicles	How is vesicles analogous to transportation facility?
 Vesicles are analogous to transportation facilities, in that they provide a means of transferring fluid substances between two or more points.	vesicles	How is vesicles analogous to transportation facility?
A vesicle is analogy to a transportation facility. Vesicles are round, thin tubes that can be used to transport molecules or other particles through the body. This Thin film Transport study looked at how vesicles transported materials in vitro and in vivo.	vesicles	How is vesicles analogous to transportation facility?
A vesicle analogy would be to think of a transportation facility as an open-air tube used for getting goods and materials from one place to another. Vesicles are just like the tubes that carry gas, oil, or other fluid substances around our bodies - they can be used to transport goods and materials by carrying them in and through them.	vesicles	How is vesicles analogous to transportation facility?
Cell wall is analogous to the factory gate in that it controls entrance into cells.	cell wall	How is cell wall analogous to factory gate?
A cell wall analogy would be to imagine a factory gate. The cell wall is like the fence that separates the inside of the factory from the outside world. Just as there are many different types of fences in an industry, so too are there many different types ofcell walls- some made from natural materials such as wood and cheese, while others syntheticized using modern technology.	cell wall	How is cell wall analogous to factory gate?
Cell wall is analogous to the factory gate in that it helps control the entry and exit of cells.	cell wall	How is cell wall analogous to factory gate?
Cell wall analogy: Factory gate analogy. A factory contains products that are packaged into boxes or bundles. The box or bundle is then mailed to the customer. when a customer opens the package they find product inside and may be disappointed because there are no details on how the product was produced, such as where it came from, what ingredients were used, or any guarantees of quality. That's what happens with cells in our bodies; we open up our cells and find product inside them but also no guarantee of quality control due to lack of information about cell production process	cell wall	How is cell wall analogous to factory gate?
A factory gate is an analogy to the cell wall of a plant. The cells in a plant are surrounded by a protective layer ofcellular material, called theWall. The Wall helps to keep the inside of the cell clean and free from contaminants, while allowing entrance into and exit out ofcells by way of small openings known as pores.	cell wall	How is cell wall analogous to factory gate?
Cell wall analogy is that cell wall resembles a security guard who patrols the area to make sure no one is sneaking into the prison.	cell wall	How is cell wall analogous to security guard?
The cell wall is analogous to a security guard. They are responsible for preventing unauthorized access to the cells in a correctional institution.	cell wall	How is cell wall analogous to security guard?
Cell wall analogy is that of a security guard. cell wall is the outermost layer of an organism and its primary defense against predators or Damage.	cell wall	How is cell wall analogous to security guard?
Cell wall is analogous to a security guard in that it plays an important role in the defense of cells. The cell wall helps protect cells from assaults by rogue elements, and also moderates the temperature inside each cell.	cell wall	How is cell wall analogous to security guard?
Cell wall analogy is a difficult one.Security guard typically patrols and monitors the area in which they work, while cell Wall analogy may refer to the physical security of an office or building.	cell wall	How is cell wall analogous to security guard?
A restaurant is a place where people gather to eat. Cells are similar to restaurants because they offer a space for people to come together and share what they have bought or learned.	cells	How is cells analogous to restaurant?
Cellulose and chitin are like the building blocks of food, while proteins and lipids are like the sauces.	cells	How is cells analogous to restaurant?
Cellular phones are analogous to restaurants. They provide an easy and affordable way for people to communicate with one another, whether they're in the same building or miles away. Restaurants also function as places where customers can find food and drinks, as well as rental space and meeting rooms.	cells	How is cells analogous to restaurant?
 cdn-related files, such as images and videos, are typically stored in the cloud. Customers can access them through a web browser or by using an app on their phone.	cells	How is cells analogous to restaurant?
Cells are analogous to restaurants in that they offer food and drink. Cells also allow a person to create things like proteins, carbohydrates, and lipids.	cells	How is cells analogous to restaurant?
Cell membrane is analogous to restaurant doors in that it separates the cells inside of a living body from those outside.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to restaurant doors?
Cell membrane is analogous to restaurant doors in that it separates the cells in a organism. The cell membrane is made up of lipid bilayer and Jellyroll-like proteins are used for adhesion and internalization, respectively.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to restaurant doors?
Cell membrane analogy to restaurantdoors comes from the fact that a cell's membrane is similar in structure to the door of a restaurant. A cell's membrane is made up of a lipid bilayer and it contains proteins and lipids. When an individual molecule of water, oil or other fluid enters or leaves a cell, it depends on how restriction channels are activated. The activate signal latches onto receptors on the lipid bilayer outside of the cell and starts turning these molecules around so they can passage through into another part of the cells interior which will then import them into your bloodstream!	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to restaurant doors?
Cell membranes are analogous to restaurant doors. They are made up of a lipid bilayer (a thin film of molecules that can change its shape when it communicates with other cells), and an astrocyte is the main cell organelle in the brain. When you walk through a door, your feet go into contact with the floorpanel on one side of the door and with air on the other side. This analogy is not perfect, but it gives an idea of how membrane proteins work: they move materials around within their creation by binding them together or repelling them.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to restaurant doors?
Cell membranes are analogous to restaurant doors in that they keep the cells inside and allow the current flow through.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to restaurant doors?
Window analogy: A window is like a door, which you can openings in the front and back. The screen of your computer monitor is analogous to the outside world that you can see through the opening in the front.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to windows?
Cell membranes are analogous to windows in that they allow the passage of electrons and ions. They also have an electric field surrounding them, which helps keep cells warm.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to windows?
Cell membranes are analogous to windows in that they allow light and air into the cell while holding back other elements, such as toxins.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to windows?
Cell membrane analogy typically refers to how the cells outermost layer of cells is analogous to a window. The outside world can enter and exit the cell through these windows, while the inside world remains largely protected. This idea was first introduced in 1872 by French biologist Jules-Emile Stengers.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to windows?
Windows are a type of membrane that allow oxygen and water to enter and exit the cell. Cell membranes analogyously have windows, which allow nutrients and toxins to pass into or out of the cell.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to windows?
Cell membranes are analogous to skin in that they protect the cell from foreign invaders. The cells outside of acellular organelles (such as DNA) are protected by their corresponding membrane, while inside of each organelle there is an inner layer of cells and a outer layer of fluid. Cell membranes also have proteins that help them to be stable and flexible.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to skin?
Cell membranes are analogous to the skin in that they protect cells from outside elements. Cell membranes have gate proteins that help close and keep objects out while allowing entrances for nutrients and oxygen.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to skin?
Cell membrane is analogous to skin in that it contains cells and a clear surface where nutrients and water are available.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to skin?
Cell membrane is analogous to skin because they are filled with cells that produce oil and sweat.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to skin?
Cell membranes are analogous to skin because they help protect cells from environmental stress and infection. The cell membrane is made up of a material called lipids, which form an envelope around the cell. This envelope helps keep the inside of thecell warm and safe, and it also provides some protection against Invasion by other cells or tissues.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane analogous to skin?
Golgi body is an analogy for the front counter of a grocery store. Golgi body can be thought of as a stack of containers, each holding one or more items. The topmost container in the stack is the item being considered and acted on (the golgi organ), while the lower containers are support systems (chambers) that allow other items to be placed next to or inside of it.	golgi body	How is golgi body analogous to front counter?
Golgi body analogy: A front counter is a type of counting machine used to track sales. Golgi body analogy: A golgi cell is a type of human cells which are able to grow and divide quickly.	golgi body	How is golgi body analogous to front counter?
Golgi body is a structural counterpart to front counter.	golgi body	How is golgi body analogous to front counter?
Golgi body is analogous to the front counter in that it houses cells that are responsible for performingcellulose synthesis and storage. Additionally, Golgi bodies can be associated with other organs or tissues such as the liver, heart, pancreas, and gut.	golgi body	How is golgi body analogous to front counter?
Golgi body analogy is that golgi body contains the Golgi complex. Front counter and Golgi complex are two components of the same organelle.	golgi body	How is golgi body analogous to front counter?
Capacitance is analogous to heat content. Heat capacity is the measure of a material's ability to store energy. The greater the heat capacity, the more absorptive (trying to reduce or absorb) an area of a body is.	capacitance	How is capacitance analogous to heat content?
Capacitance is a measure of how much heat energy is stored in a material. It can be compared to the heat content of an object, like an apple.	capacitance	How is capacitance analogous to heat content?
A capacitor is a type of electrical storage device used to store heat. The capacitance between two materials determines how much energy the two materials can hold together until it dissipates or is used up.	capacitance	How is capacitance analogous to heat content?
Capacitance is an electrical quantity that reflects the relationship of materials' ability to store and transfer heat.	capacitance	How is capacitance analogous to heat content?
Capacitance is a measure of how much heat metal can stored in a volume. It's similar to the Heat Content index, which measures how muchHeat energy is concentrated in an object or area.	capacitance	How is capacitance analogous to heat content?
Electric current analogy: A water tank is filled with water and you plug it in to a wall. The electricCurrent flow through the metal wires that run around the outside of the tank, creating power for your home appliance.	electric current	How is electric current analogous to water tank?
Electric current is analogous to water in that it is an essential part of life. It travels through the metal wires that make up electric cables, and carries energy from one place to another.	electric current	How is electric current analogous to water tank?
Electric current is analogous to the water in a tank. The electric current flow through an object is perpendicular to the surface of the object.	electric current	How is electric current analogous to water tank?
Electric current is analogous to water in that it flows through a metal conductor and delivers electricity to a device or person.	electric current	How is electric current analogous to water tank?
Electric current analogy: A water tank is filled with water. Electricity flows through the metal pipes in the tank and into the ground, providing power to the machine that is sucking up liquid water.	electric current	How is electric current analogous to water tank?
A staircase analogy might be useful to help understand how voltage Compare and Contrast different types of electric current. Voltage is analogous to the climb up or down the stairs, while current is analogous to moving through a lion's cage.	voltage	How is voltage analogous to climbing a staircase?
A staircase analogy can be thought of as the simplest way to think of voltage. Voltage is like the force that keeps things from falling down a staircase. It's also analogous to weight, which helps keep something in place on a staircase.	voltage	How is voltage analogous to climbing a staircase?
 staircase analogy: climbing a staircase is like ascending or descending a ladder. The steps are also similar in that they both require you to move your feet in order to go up or down.	voltage	How is voltage analogous to climbing a staircase?
 Voltage is analogous to the weight of an individual on a staircase. The higher someone climbs, the more power they have at their disposal to move along the stairs.	voltage	How is voltage analogous to climbing a staircase?
 Voltage is analogous to the stairs because it can be thought of as a way to measure how high something goes.	voltage	How is voltage analogous to climbing a staircase?
In football, players are divided into playing positions: running backs, receivers, quarterbacks and linebackers. Each position has a specific role to play in the game. For example, receivers are responsible for catching passes from QBs and helping to create yards after the catch. Running back assignments vary depending on whether a team is up or down at home field; for instance, one rusher may be number 11 while another player lines up at fullback.	specialization and communication in a cell	How is specialization and communication in a cell analogous to football?
In football, players are clustered together in a particular zone or position on the field. This is similar to how cells are divided into specialized areas in the body. Each cell produces proteins that interact with other cells in order to create an organism. specialization and communication within cells occur via signals that travel between cells.	specialization and communication in a cell	How is specialization and communication in a cell analogous to football?
 specialization and communication in a cell analogous to football is that the player who is best at one skill may not be the best at another, which makes it difficult for both players. In the same way, when cells are working together they may communicate with each other through gestures or signals, but neither player knows what the signal means.	specialization and communication in a cell	How is specialization and communication in a cell analogous to football?
In football, players are organized into groups of five and play against other teams using a specific strategy. The same is true in cells: Players are grouped together and communicate with one another through communication mechanisms such as body language and speech. This type of communication allowsFornax to specialize its resources in different areas while still being able to interact effectively with all members of the cell.	specialization and communication in a cell	How is specialization and communication in a cell analogous to football?
In football, players are divided into 11 zones. Each player is responsible for one zone and must complete a set of motions to register as an eligible receiver or tackler. Zones are called "camps" and each team holds five camps throughout the year. During camp, players will scrimmage against other teams in their own zone (usually their opponents' home stadium).	specialization and communication in a cell	How is specialization and communication in a cell analogous to football?
Kirchoff's voltage law analogy would be to hiking. Hiking has a power source (a battery), which provides energy for the user to hike and walk with. Kirchoff's Voltage Law analogy is that when there is more electrical current through an object than there are available spaces within it, the object will experience a inrush of electricity from the increased current.	kirchoff's voltage law	How is kirchoff's voltage law analogous to hiking?
The kirchoff's voltage law is an analogy to hiking. One must first ascend a mountain in order to find the bottom, where their electric potential (measured in volts) becomes progressively negative as they move up the mountain. Kirchoff found that when you increase a current through an electrical resistor by dropping its resistance, it increases the Voltage at any point along the path of travel without leaving zero on top. This is demonstrated by putting a metal slug into an appropriate pot and connecting one end of the resistor to ground while making sure no current flows through the other side - then measuring how much power comes out from this "hot" wire and noting how much more powerful it became than if there was no resistor connected at all!	kirchoff's voltage law	How is kirchoff's voltage law analogous to hiking?
 Kirchoff's Voltage Law states that the current through a wire is inversely proportional to its voltage.	kirchoff's voltage law	How is kirchoff's voltage law analogous to hiking?
A simple analogy for kirchoff's voltage law is hiking. Kirchoff's Voltage Law states that the current through awire will increase as the temperature increases. Hiking occurs when you are uphill, so it would be safe to say that the same applies to electricity.	kirchoff's voltage law	How is kirchoff's voltage law analogous to hiking?
Kirchoff's voltage law analogy would be to hiking. When one is hiking, they are using their muscles to push up and down the hill. The same principle applies when one is trying to find their electric potential in a material or object. Kirchoff was interested in studying how electricity moved through materials and he used his voltmeter to measure the current flowing through an ideal conductor (a metal tube). He found that the current flowed in circles around the electrode because it traveled at a rate of 1 V per meter (1/100th of a watt). This equation states that electric potential energy is equal to energy expressed as volts divided by meters distance from an electrode.	kirchoff's voltage law	How is kirchoff's voltage law analogous to hiking?
A density wave is analogous to a traffic jam on a highway. The waves are created when people or objects get in the way of the flow of traffic.	nature of a density wave	How is nature of a density wave analogous to traffic jam on a highway?
A density wave is analogous to a traffic jam on a highway. The waves are created by the increasing number of people in an area, and the jam creates congestion.	nature of a density wave	How is nature of a density wave analogous to traffic jam on a highway?
A density wave is analogy to a traffic jam on a highway. The waves are slowly spreading out from the center, and eventually reaching their maximal amplitude. This causes congestion in the area where they are occurring.	nature of a density wave	How is nature of a density wave analogous to traffic jam on a highway?
The analogy is not perfect, but it gives a good idea of how the waves might behave. Traffic jams on highways are caused by people running around trying to get to their destinations as quickly as possible. The same thing happens in nature when masses of objects are packed together.Waveform analysis can help identify individual objects and predict where they will be next in the waveform. This information can help solve problems such as predicting traffic congestion or finding Treasure Island	nature of a density wave	How is nature of a density wave analogous to traffic jam on a highway?
A density wave is analogy to traffic jam on a highway. A density wave is caused by the number of vehicles suddenly multiplying, which in turn creates an Echo effect. This means that the waves are generallyorter then regularity can render them useful for navigation and predicting movement patterns.	nature of a density wave	How is nature of a density wave analogous to traffic jam on a highway?
Enzymes are analogous to keyholes because they can do a variety of tasks, such as removingurities from organic molecules.	enzymes	How is enzymes analogous to key hole?
Enzymes are analogous to keyhole. They are used in reactions that occur at the cellular level and can play a vital role in many biochemical processes.	enzymes	How is enzymes analogous to key hole?
Enzymes are analogy because they catalyze chemical reactions in the body. Keyhole is an Archaic word that means both keyholes and a hole in something to put things in (a key).	enzymes	How is enzymes analogous to key hole?
Enzymes are analogous to keyholes, in that they are used for breaking down complex molecules into their component parts.	enzymes	How is enzymes analogous to key hole?
Enzymes are analogous to keyholes in that they can unlock or Closed compounds, like a lock.	enzymes	How is enzymes analogous to key hole?
There is no definitive answer to this question as human memory system and computer performance are different in many ways. However, some parallels between the two systems could include the way that memories are specialized according to a person's interests or activities, how they can be accessed quickly and how various types of information can be stored and retrieved.	human active memory system	How is human active memory system analogous to computer?
The human active memory system is analogous to a computer. Memory is like an electronic file that stores information, and the neurons in the brain are like processors that send commands to each other to keep track of what has been stored in memory.	human active memory system	How is human active memory system analogous to computer?
The human active memory system is analogous to a computer in that it stores and retrieves information. Memory can also be used to store data that has been learned recently.	human active memory system	How is human active memory system analogous to computer?
The human active memory system is similar to a computer in that it stores memories and can access them when needed. However, the computers are smaller and have more processing power than the human active memory system.	human active memory system	How is human active memory system analogous to computer?
Human memory system is analogous to computer. Memory cells are like the keys of a typewriter, and each cell stores anorthotic information (text, image, sound). The processor can access any one of these memory cells by reading its address from the context-sensitive data stream that represents that cell in the machine's overall storage.	human active memory system	How is human active memory system analogous to computer?
Rate-determining step of a reaction analogy can be thought of as buying stamps at the post office. The person in line waiting to buy their stamp gets progressively more impatient, until they finally reach the front of the line where someone is selling stamps. There, they purchase their desired amount (of stamps) and move on.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers?
The rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to buying stamps at the post office. The customer waits in line, and when their turn comes, they purchase the stamp they need.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers?
The rate-determining step of a reaction analogy is to buy stamps at the post office. There is a long line of customers, but each person in the line gets their hands on a stamp that they can use to represent their interest in the reactions being studied.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers?
The analogy would be that the individual buying stamps is analogous to a customer in a reaction. The line of customers are analogous to the chemical reactants in a reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers?
The analogy is not perfect, but it helps to explain how rate-determining steps in reactions are analogous to the purchase of stamps at the post office. In a reaction, one person is working on a task and another person is taking some measurements or receiving information from that person. The two people who are responsible for measuring or receiving information can affect the outcome of the reaction by varying their rates of work. If there are many people working on a reaction, each with different rates of work, then something might happen that wouldn't have happened if just one person was doing their job correctly.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers?
The rate-determining step of a reaction analogy is to theSlowest Moving Car in Traffic. The slowest moving car in traffic is the person who is trying to get ahead of the other cars. The people behind theslowest moving car are trying to stay ahead of it, and they do this by using their vehicles to move as quickly as possible. This analogy can be used to describe how people use their bodies when they are Trying To Do Something or make decisions about something.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction analogous to slowest moving car in traffic?
A reaction is analogous to a slow-moving car in traffic. The fastest cars move ahead of the rest of the vehicles, while everyone else tries to keep up. The same is true with reactions: the products of a reaction are faster than the reactants.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction analogous to slowest moving car in traffic?
The rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to the slowest moving car in traffic. The speed at which the reaction takes place determines how quickly it can complete its work.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction analogous to slowest moving car in traffic?
A rate-determining step in a reaction analogy to the slowest moving car in traffic is that it takes time for the reactants and products to interact and combine.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction analogous to slowest moving car in traffic?
The rate-determining step of a reaction analogy to the slowest moving car in traffic is that it takes time for the process of adding reactants and products to take place.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction analogous to slowest moving car in traffic?
Column chromatography is an analogy to separating bees and wasps because it separates the fractions that contain different types of molecules.	column chromatography	How is column chromatography analogous to separating bees and wasps?
Column chromatography is an analogy to separating bees and wasps because the two types of cells use different techniques for extracting molecules. Column chromatography uses a large numerical concentration gradient that allows for the elution of specific molecules from one cell type to another.	column chromatography	How is column chromatography analogous to separating bees and wasps?
Column chromatography is a popular method for separating bees and wasps because it is simple, efficient, and reliable. Column chromatography works by suspending the DMSO in immiscible media (such as water or ethyl alcohol) and then exposing the mixture to a rotating column of small pieces of material known as eluent. The eluent separates the pollinated particles from the unpollinated ones and these are then used to analyze samples using various analytical techniques.	column chromatography	How is column chromatography analogous to separating bees and wasps?
Column chromatography is an analogy to separating bees and wasps because it allows for the collection of suspended particles from a mixture. Column chromatography allows for the isolation of certain types of molecules, such as chemicals and proteins, while also allowing other substances to pass through unchanged.	column chromatography	How is column chromatography analogous to separating bees and wasps?
Column chromatography is similar to separating bees and wasps because it separates the molecules in a material according to their type. In column chromatography, particles (or materials) are placed into a container with a resin that attracts molecules of one type from the surroundings. The receptors on cells inside the container detect this signal and pull these molecules out of the liquidMaterial's solution so they can be analyzed by an assay	column chromatography	How is column chromatography analogous to separating bees and wasps?
 Dynamic chemical equilibrium is the analogy of two jugglers. When they juggle, one moves their hands and fingers while rubbing a bag with their other hand. This action creates an ever-changing balance in the air resembling that of a gas or liquid. In the same way, when we try to maintain dynamic chemical equilibrium, we move our hands and fingers as we rub something. This changing motion creates a constant imbalance in our environment which can be seen as analogous to how different gases/liquids have consistent balances in them regardless of what's stirring inside of it.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	How is dynamic chemical equilibrium analogous to two jugglers?
Dynamic equilibrium is similar to juggling.  When two objects are combined and moving around, they create a balance that can be described in mathematical terms as a set of forces and moments. The tendency of these objects to remain in this balance (or move towards or away from it) is called restitution.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	How is dynamic chemical equilibrium analogous to two jugglers?
Dynamic equilibrium is an analogy to the two jugglers. The juggling ability of one person is compared to the ability of another person to juggle a plastic bottle. By balancing the objects, one can create a dizzying effect that produces an illusion of movement. In the same way, by altering chemical equilibrium in some way we can create illusions or deceiving patterns of behavior.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	How is dynamic chemical equilibrium analogous to two jugglers?
Dynamic chemical equilibrium analogy: The two jugglers are doing the same thing, but one is juggling balls, and the other is juggling chemicals.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	How is dynamic chemical equilibrium analogous to two jugglers?
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is analogous to two jugglers. Two jugglers balance a piece of metal in one hand and another piece of metal in the other hand, then set it back on its pedestal so that the two pieces are facing each other again. The players then mix the metals together so that the mixture becomes dynamic and balances itself.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	How is dynamic chemical equilibrium analogous to two jugglers?
 Vacuole is analogous to storage bags because when a drug or vaccine is injected into the body, it needs time to be stored and then used. The same process happens with a vacuum-like tube in your stomach which helps you absorb food.	vacuole	How is vacuole analogous to storage bags?
Vacuole analogy: Storage bags are used to store food or other materials. Vacuoles are equivalent to the small pockets in the body where cells collect and store energy. When a person eat, their stomach creates hydrofluoric acid (HFA) from glucose which breaks down foam proteins And increases acidity inside of the vacuole The increased acidity pulls nutrients-like carbs and protein-down into the vacuole where they can be absorbed by your gut microbe community.	vacuole	How is vacuole analogous to storage bags?
A vacuole is analogous to a storage bag in that they are both attached to a molecule by capillary action. Vacuoles provide an excellent method for storing molecules because they can be assembled into any size desired and are easily emptied by release of the gas bubbles created within them.	vacuole	How is vacuole analogous to storage bags?
Vacuole are analogous to storage bags in that they store toxins and other materials.	vacuole	How is vacuole analogous to storage bags?
One analogy is to think of vacuoles in terms of storage bags. The empty space inside the bag is analogous to the Vacuole, while the content of the bag (e.g., proteins) is analogous to particles within a container.	vacuole	How is vacuole analogous to storage bags?
Transport vesicles are analogous to delivery truck because they allow substances to be delivered into and around cells or other tissues in a very small area.	transport vesicles	How is transport vesicles analogous to delivery truck?
One analogy for transport vesicles is delivery truck. A delivery truck delivers goods to a customer's house or office. The trucks have large storage areas where the goods are placed and then delivered to the customer's property.	transport vesicles	How is transport vesicles analogous to delivery truck?
A transport vesicle is similar to a delivery truck in that it is used to deliver payloads of material.	transport vesicles	How is transport vesicles analogous to delivery truck?
Transport vesicles are analogous to delivery truck in that they carry material from one location to another. Transport vesicles also have a similar shape and size, making them easy to handle and pack into a container.	transport vesicles	How is transport vesicles analogous to delivery truck?
 Transport vesicles are analogous to delivery truck because they are used to delivered products or substances between two points.	transport vesicles	How is transport vesicles analogous to delivery truck?
 Proto-oncogenes are similar to car accelerator pedals. When a proto-oncogene is expressed in an organism, it can increase the amount of cancer cells that survive and grow.	proto-oncogenes	How is proto-oncogenes analogous to car accelerator?
The proto-oncogenes analogy is a spurious one. Car accelerator pedals are actually used to apply force to the car's wheels, whereas proto-oncogenes activity could be explained by the fact that some of these proteins may mediate tumor growth.	proto-oncogenes	How is proto-oncogenes analogous to car accelerator?
 Proto-oncogenes proteins are analogous to car accelerator proteins.	proto-oncogenes	How is proto-oncogenes analogous to car accelerator?
 Proto-oncogenes are analogous to car accelerator pedals. They help the bodys cells to use energy more efficiently and can cause cancer.	proto-oncogenes	How is proto-oncogenes analogous to car accelerator?
There is no one-size-fits-all answer to this question, as proto-oncogenes may be similar in function to car accelerator pedals in different parts of the world. However, some potential similarities include their ability to increase the speed of cell growth and activation, as well as promoting cancerous transformation.	proto-oncogenes	How is proto-oncogenes analogous to car accelerator?
Car accelerator pedals are in the up position. Oncogenes is analogous to a car engine that has an oncogene gene that causes cancer.	oncogenes	How is oncogenes analogous to car accelerator stuck in down position?
The analogy most often used to describe the situation is that of a car accelerator stuck in down position. This is because oncogenes are analogous to proteins which can bind and activate other genes, causing them to function more effectively.	oncogenes	How is oncogenes analogous to car accelerator stuck in down position?
When an accelerator is stuck in the down position, it means that there is not enough gravity to move the lever. This can be caused by a number of factors such as weak wiring or corroded parts. If you could pull on the lever and feel its movement, you would think that it was in the up position. However, because the Lever has no upward force to push it back up (or out ofthe DOWNposition), if you try to pull on the lever again, something might happen	oncogenes	How is oncogenes analogous to car accelerator stuck in down position?
One analogy for how oncogenes are analogous to car accelerator pedals is that they can be stuck in the down position. This means that when you press down on the pedal, it keeps moving forward until you release it, which causes the cancerous cells to die.	oncogenes	How is oncogenes analogous to car accelerator stuck in down position?
Oncogenes are analogous to a car accelerator that is stuck in the down position. This means that they can only be activated by specific genes, and this can prevent tumors from developing.	oncogenes	How is oncogenes analogous to car accelerator stuck in down position?
Tumor suppressor genes are similar to car brakes in that they activate when the bodys natural production of hormones nullifies tumor growth.	tumor suppressor genes	How is tumor suppressor genes analogous to car brakes?
Tumor suppressor genes are analogous to car brakes in that they play an important role in controlling the growth and spread of cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	How is tumor suppressor genes analogous to car brakes?
Tumor suppressor genes are similar to car brakes. They reduce the tumor growth by controlling the expression of specific gene products.	tumor suppressor genes	How is tumor suppressor genes analogous to car brakes?
Tumor suppressor genes are similar to car brakes in that they protect the cells from becoming cancerous.	tumor suppressor genes	How is tumor suppressor genes analogous to car brakes?
Tumor suppressors are similar to car brakes in that they protect cells from becoming cancerous. Car brakes work by limiting the movement of fluid around a wheel, which helps keep the vehicle on its base while it travels over bumps. This system is also used in Smooth Sleeper tires, which have grooves in them that help improve ride quality.	tumor suppressor genes	How is tumor suppressor genes analogous to car brakes?
A jenga game is a scratch-and-sniff activity in which individuals build Towers of Blocks, while trying not to fall. The towers eventually collapse and the person who built the most blocks at the end wins. Softwaresimilarly, brittle software elements can quickly respond to errors or mistakes that may be made, causing it to malfunction or even crash. This means that if someone makes a mistake during their work on the software, it could lead to serious consequences for both them and their project!	brittle software	How is brittle software analogous to jenga?
If you take a stack of sandpaper and try to cut through it, the sandpaper will break in two. Similarly, brittle software can be easily damaged if not handled carefully. In order to keep fragile software safe, developers should use proper coding practices and always test their code before release.	brittle software	How is brittle software analogous to jenga?
The analogy to jenga is because software can be built up in an endless series of interconnected blocks, with each block representing a new level of complexity. A player trying to move the pieces off the screen will eventually break something and lose the game. This is always true with software - even if you're cleverly designing it so that everything works perfectly initially, eventually some unforeseen event will cause it to go wrong.	brittle software	How is brittle software analogous to jenga?
Traditionally, brittle software refers to software that is easily broken or damaged. This can be due to mishandling, accidental damage, or even deliberate actions by the user. Jenga is an example of a game where players are constantly trying to push and pull blocks off of theScreen in order to gain an advantage over their opponents.	brittle software	How is brittle software analogous to jenga?
When a software system is brittle, it can break down under high stress. This happens when the software relies on too much information from fewer sources and becomes difficult or impossible to maintain.	brittle software	How is brittle software analogous to jenga?
 Resonance hybrid is similar to rhinoceros because both animals have a long horn that can be used for defense.	resonance hybrid	How is resonance hybrid analogous to rhinoceros?
Rhinoceros is a large herbivore that lives in Africa. It has a tusks that are very sharp, and it can hunt with them or just stand there.Its horns are also very strong, so they can crush things like leopards and other big creatures. Resonant hybrids will have some of the features ofrhinoceros but also have human-like ears, teeth, and horns.	resonance hybrid	How is resonance hybrid analogous to rhinoceros?
Resonance hybrid is an analogy for rhinoceros. Rhinoceros are a big and strong animal, with a thick coat of fur that helps keep them warm in cold weather. Their horns are also very powerful weapons.	resonance hybrid	How is resonance hybrid analogous to rhinoceros?
Rhinoceros is an example of a creature with two horns. Resonance hybrid may be another such instance: two entities, one animate and the other inanimate, that have been bred together to create a new form or entity.	resonance hybrid	How is resonance hybrid analogous to rhinoceros?
Rhinoceros is a close cousin to the elephant. Rhinoceros have long, unbroken hair that hangs down their back and they are very Accordian in shape with a long trunk and large ears. Their body is covered in skin which gives them great insulation from the cold weather. They can live up to 100 years without dying!	resonance hybrid	How is resonance hybrid analogous to rhinoceros?
The wave mechanical model is analogous to the firefly in a dark room. The firefly consists of a large light bulb that emits light, and an observer who observes the light. The same principle applies to waves: they are emitted from a source and observers can watch them as they travel through space.	wave mechanical model	How is wave mechanical model analogous to firefly in a dark room?
Wave mechanical models are analogy to fireflies in a dark room because they emit light when their energy is converted into motion. Flame turnover time determined by the burned fuel and air respectively creates an image of the flame on a video screen; similarly, wave-mechanical phenomenon can be observed on a instrument or device with aperture that sampling rate is adjustable and biological creatures like fireflies produce blink-and-you'll-miss-'em spots while emitting soft lights called diffused emission.	wave mechanical model	How is wave mechanical model analogous to firefly in a dark room?
A light bulb is the analogy most often used to describe a wave mechanical model.	wave mechanical model	How is wave mechanical model analogous to firefly in a dark room?
The way a wave mechanical model analogy to firefly in a dark room works is that when you see the light from an object, it reflects off of its surface and creates a periodic signal. This signal can be seen as waves moving back-and-forth across the surface. The same thing happens with air pressure and temperature: When you see something low on the list (like an object at the bottom of a wave), it will cause higher waves to form duringamoto because they are pushing down on everything else.	wave mechanical model	How is wave mechanical model analogous to firefly in a dark room?
A firefly is a light bulb that is proud of its brightness and can be seen in dark rooms. A wave machine is like a flashlight, which can be used to see things in the dark.	wave mechanical model	How is wave mechanical model analogous to firefly in a dark room?
When a person listens to music, they are generally focusing on one or more specific channels of the audio. This is true for people when listening to games as well. The player is typically focused on theactive instruments and sounds in the game, while also paying attention to their own emotions and sensations within the game world.	electroencephalogram	How is electroencephalogram analogous to listening to a game?
An electroencephalogram is analogous to a listening device used in video games. The electrodes placed on thebrain's surface record electrical impulses as they happen. These signals can be analyzed to track brain activity, allowing for diagnoses and treatment.	electroencephalogram	How is electroencephalogram analogous to listening to a game?
The electroencephalogram (EEG) is similar to listening to a game. When someone listens to a game, their brain activities change depending on the type of game being listened to. For example, when people listen to video games, they might experience an increase in heart rate and respiration rates.	electroencephalogram	How is electroencephalogram analogous to listening to a game?
When you listen to a game, your brain is releasing ions (electric charges) and neurons are firing. In contrast, when you experience an Electroencephalogram (EEG), your brain is release energy so that it can communicate with other parts of your body.	electroencephalogram	How is electroencephalogram analogous to listening to a game?
Underlying the analogy is that an electroencephalogram measures brain waves, and a game consists of playing one's role in order to achieve a desired outcome.	electroencephalogram	How is electroencephalogram analogous to listening to a game?
Dna replication analogy would be like a photocopier machine where the print head is used to copy information from one document to another.	dna replication	How is dna replication analogous to photocopier machine?
Dna replication analogy: photocopier machine - a device that copies items by scanning them with an electronic scanner.	dna replication	How is dna replication analogous to photocopier machine?
Dna replication analogy: A photocopier machine prints copies of documents using two sets of photographed paper sheets which are then cut into smaller pieces and fed into the photocopier.	dna replication	How is dna replication analogous to photocopier machine?
 photocopier machine copying dna by light.	dna replication	How is dna replication analogous to photocopier machine?
Dna replication is analogous to a photocopier machine because it copies text or images.	dna replication	How is dna replication analogous to photocopier machine?
Printing is a physical process that creates copies of a document. Dna replication, however, uses electronic means to create an exact replica of the original document.	dna replication	How is dna replication analogous to book printing?
Book printing begins with a typeface and paper. The typeface is chosen very carefully so that it looks good on the finished product. Then, the paper is cut to size and glued to the back of the bookbinding material. This ensures that each page has a consistent thickness and even cover design throughout the book. Finally, any adhesives orIndia ink used are put into place and left in place for an entire year before taking readings	dna replication	How is dna replication analogous to book printing?
Book printing is a physical process of creating copies of books by heating wax paper and pressing it against a hardsurface. Dna replication is also a physical process, but it differs from book printing in that dna replication relies on the copying of individual genetic sequences rather than destruction and reconstruction of entire pages or sections.	dna replication	How is dna replication analogous to book printing?
Book printing is a physical process of creating copies of books by using sheets of paper that are folded together into sections or sometimes left as a stack. The folds create the look and feel of book pages while the ink is applied to the paper which then becomes bound together with adhesive	dna replication	How is dna replication analogous to book printing?
Dna replication is analogous to book printing because it involves creating a document by combining McCarthy's mites with rolling stock.	dna replication	How is dna replication analogous to book printing?
Rna transcription is analogous to language translation because the two are used to convey information from one form of communication to another. RNA transcripts are made up of nucleotides, which are carbon-based molecules that carry the genetic instructions for a plant or animal. Translation is the process by which these RNAs become translated into text or speech.	rna transcription	How is rna transcription analogous to language translation?
Rna transcription is analogous to language translation in that the two methods involve different algorithms and can produce similar results. In both cases, a set of representations (in this case, text) is converted into another set of representing units. However, while translation involves replacing one word with another, rna transcription does not always involve such an exchange. rather, it simply takes pieces of the original text and translates them into other languages or dialects.	rna transcription	How is rna transcription analogous to language translation?
Rna transcription analogy typically refers to the equivalence of translation and transcription, where an XML document is converted into a text format that can be read by many readers. However, in Rna transcription analogy specifically refers to the process of similarity analysis between gene transcripts and their corresponding amino acid sequences. This comparison allows for comparative genomics research which seeks to understand how different mutations or deletions impact transcript expression (and ultimately biology).	rna transcription	How is rna transcription analogous to language translation?
Transcription is analogous to translation because both processes involve the copying of messages from one form or language to another. RNA transcription, for example, involves taking transcriptions of nucleotides ( residues in DNA) and translating them into protein production.	rna transcription	How is rna transcription analogous to language translation?
Rna transcription is analogous to language translation because the difference between mRNA and rna transcripts is that mRNA are translated into protein, while rna transcripts are not translated.	rna transcription	How is rna transcription analogous to language translation?
Protein translation is analogous to language translation in that it employs a set of rules and regulations for translating one set of instructions into another. The same steps are used, including the introduction of amino acids into the protein chain, establishment of an active site on the translated protein, and transfer of electrons from one antioxidant molecule to another.	protein translation	How is protein translation analogous to language translation?
Protein translation is analogous to languagetranslation because both proteins and DNA are translated into mRNA, which is then translated into text.	protein translation	How is protein translation analogous to language translation?
Translation is a process of converting one language into another. Protein translation is similar in that it also involves using amino acids to translate from one chemical structure into another. However, protein translation typically employs a different set of proteins thanlanguagetranslation.	protein translation	How is protein translation analogous to language translation?
Protein translation is analogous to language translation in that it involves the rearranging of amino acids within a protein. However, protein translation is much more complex than languagetranslation, as there are many factors that can affect how those amino acids are rearranged.	protein translation	How is protein translation analogous to language translation?
Protein translation is analogous to language translation because amino acids are transferred between the mRNA and the protein backbone. In both cases, a set of rules or templates dictating how those amino acids should be translated into proteins is used.	protein translation	How is protein translation analogous to language translation?
Ecosystem analogy helps to better understand how cities work and the role they play in our global system. City residents are oftenmisconceived as just "voters." In fact, many city residents have a lot more involvement than simply voting on issues. They contribute by Walking and using public transportation, playing sports in their neighborhoods, lending a hand at local businesses, engaging with volunteered organizations like Rotary or Mayor Bloomberg's Plan for New York City (PAN aphorism), protesting when necessary, etc. Additionally, city residents areoften assumed to know all about what is going on in their neighborhoods even if they do not live there; this assumption is not always true. Ecosystem analogy can help show that although citizens of cities may superficially respond favorably or unfavorably to certain aspects of nature such as forests or wetlands because these areas make up part of an ecosystem that provides them both economic benefits and environmental protection  , behind-the-scenes decisions made by elected officials even those who reside within urban surroundingsare much more important for the overall health and well-being of the city as a whole.	ecosystem	How is ecosystem analogous to cities?
An ecosystem is analogous to a city in that it consists of many different species and types of plants and animals. The environment in which each type of organism lives affects the way these organisms interact with one another, creating a unique community.	ecosystem	How is ecosystem analogous to cities?
There is a lot of discussion around whether cities are analogous to ecosystems and what the role of city services has been in maintaining these complexes. Some people believe that ecosystem analogy could be applied more broadly, including other types of social structures like villages or hunter-gatherer groups.	ecosystem	How is ecosystem analogous to cities?
Ecosystems are analogous to cities in that they have a boundary and a function. Ecosystems exist to support life, while cities exist to serve human needs such as housing, jobs and transportation.	ecosystem	How is ecosystem analogous to cities?
Ecosystem analogy: The ecosystem is analogous to a city because it is home to many different species which interact with one another.	ecosystem	How is ecosystem analogous to cities?
A crosstown communication between two neurons in a brain is analogous to propagation of an action potential down a neuron. The electrical impulse travels along the axon, which is like the wire used to carry electricity in muscle cells. Each time an axon connects with another cell, it sends out a signal that can be felt by those nearby cells.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	How is propagation of an action potential down a neuron analogous to falling dominoes?
 propel an atom across a room by pushing it with your hand	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	How is propagation of an action potential down a neuron analogous to falling dominoes?
A propagation of an action potential down a neuron analogy would be to think of the dominoes falling one after the other. Just as with falls, each domino could have different effects on subsequent dominos, which in turn might cause further falls and so on until you get to the bottom of the chain where every neuron is firing at once.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	How is propagation of an action potential down a neuron analogous to falling dominoes?
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron is analogous to the fall of dominoes. Every time a domino falls, it builds up potential in that neuron. This potential can be likened to the electrical current that flows through a wire when you connect two pieces of metal together. The more times a domino is dropped, the greater the current will become and the harder it will be for any other Dominoes to drop before it does.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	How is propagation of an action potential down a neuron analogous to falling dominoes?
 propagating an action potential down a neuron analogy to falling dominoes is that each domino in the chain tips off another which then tip off another and so on until the entire structure of neurons has been destroyed.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	How is propagation of an action potential down a neuron analogous to falling dominoes?
Hippopotamus and green anacondas possess both a facial and thoracic breathers. The frontal oratory nozzles of these animals expel air through the nostrils in order to produce their signature "bouffant" breathing sound which is heard as a discharge from the lungs.	breathing mechanism of frogs	How is breathing mechanism of frogs analogous to blowing of the balloon?
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to blow of the balloon. The main difference is that in case of frogs, the air pressure inside their lungs keeps them from collapsing due to lack of helium or other gas filling up the spaces between the eardrums and brain.	breathing mechanism of frogs	How is breathing mechanism of frogs analogous to blowing of the balloon?
The breathing mechanism of frogs is analogy to the blowing of a balloon. The frog's lungs are filled with air and they must respire in order to take in oxygen from the atmosphere. When the frog opens its mouth wide, it inhales deeply and then directs the exhaled breath out through its lips into the open water beneath them	breathing mechanism of frogs	How is breathing mechanism of frogs analogous to blowing of the balloon?
The breathing mechanism of frogs is analogous to blowing of the balloon. The frog's lungs create air pressure inside their body and this pressure helps in inhalation and exhalation of breath. When a frog blows, they also use upright Endotaphia which are long respiratory muscles that extend from the back and pump air up into their lungs	breathing mechanism of frogs	How is breathing mechanism of frogs analogous to blowing of the balloon?
Rhinoceros frogs can blow air through their nose and mouth to create a vacuum. This action causes the flow of oxygenated blood from their veins into their lungs, which in turn creates buoyancy and allows them to fly.	breathing mechanism of frogs	How is breathing mechanism of frogs analogous to blowing of the balloon?
Layer architecture is analogous to communication with translators in that it provides a way for developers and designers to work together. By using layers, developers can create web applications that are easy to use and complex enough so that the users experience remains unchanged no matter where they look. This allows web users to receive an identical experience regardless of where they are located in the world.	layered architecture	How is layered architecture analogous to communication with translators?
Layer 1 is the communication layer, which consists of Messages. Messages are images or text that a translator can understand. They can be in one of three formats: plain (Text), HTML, and XML. layer 2 is the data storage layer, which stores all messages in an ordered fashion. layer 3 is the presentation layer, which allows for user input and output to be generated by software agents on top of Layer 2.	layered architecture	How is layered architecture analogous to communication with translators?
Layerwise communication is analogous to translating between different languages. Each layer translates data from one language into another, and the last layer may also contain context or other information that the first layers do not.	layered architecture	How is layered architecture analogous to communication with translators?
Layer-based architectures are like communication with translators. A layer is a specific type of object that kgroups together related objects or data. A message is composed of individual layers, which can be interpreted and acted on by the processing level within the system.	layered architecture	How is layered architecture analogous to communication with translators?
Layer architecture is analogous to communication with translators. The translator sits in front of the speaker and translates the text into a language that the speaker can understand.	layered architecture	How is layered architecture analogous to communication with translators?
Biological activities are controlled by the number of reactants and excess reactants in a solution. Reactant-excess reactions produce heat, light, enzymes, and growth dextran parasites.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	How is limiting reactant and excess reactant analogous to chocolate distribution?
The analogy between limiting reactant and excess reactant is that it is analogous to the way chocolate is distributed. In a jar of chocolate, there are always some small amount of dark chocolate left over because when the peanuts were roasted, they released their oil whichidated the cocoa nibs. This tiny bit of leftover designated as "opaque" chocolate goes into the hands of people who like to eat this kind of chocolate (like myself) and those who don't because most observers consider all dark chocolates to be equivalent in taste.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	How is limiting reactant and excess reactant analogous to chocolate distribution?
When you limiting reactant and excess reactant, you are doing so in order to ensure that the reaction mixture has an equal concentration of all types of reactants. This is analogous to how chocolate is distributed when it's made.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	How is limiting reactant and excess reactant analogous to chocolate distribution?
 limit reactant = limit supply point  excess reactant = excess demand	limiting reactant and excess reactant	How is limiting reactant and excess reactant analogous to chocolate distribution?
One analogy to consider is that limits on reactant and excess reactant are analogous to how a chocolate bar is divided into small pieces. Each piece of candy has a specific flavor, and if too much of one flavor is used in the recipe, then it will taste off-putting to customers. Similarly, with Reactants limited and excess Reactants removed from the recipe, this will result in an even mix of all three flavors in each drink or smoothie.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	How is limiting reactant and excess reactant analogous to chocolate distribution?
A eukaryotic cell is analogous to a working office, where the cells are organized into functional11 layers. The first layer, the plasma membrane, forms a barrier between the cytoplasm and outside world. Inside this lipid-rich lipid bilayer there is an energy source called ATP that powers many cellular processes.	eukaryotic cell	How is eukaryotic cell analogous to working office?
Eukaryotic cells, like working office workers, have a variety of tasks to complete. For example, eukaryotic cells may produce and recycle chemicals and DNA in order to create new cells or fix the genome of other cells.	eukaryotic cell	How is eukaryotic cell analogous to working office?
A cell is analogous to a working office, where the cells are organized in groups and work together.	eukaryotic cell	How is eukaryotic cell analogous to working office?
The analogy between a eukaryotic cell and working office is not exact, but they have many similarities. A eukaryotic cell typically contains one or more cells that are arranged in a circular polysaccharide matrix. Each of the cells may contain an organelle (flower example) which performs important cellular tasks. Eukaryotic cells can also reproduce by meristematic growth, growing new stem-like tissue from functional germ layers within the original eggs or sperm donor cells.	eukaryotic cell	How is eukaryotic cell analogous to working office?
A eukaryotic cell is analogous to a working office; it houses cells that produce and recycle molecules, exchange messages with other cells (through the process of translation), and store genetic information.	eukaryotic cell	How is eukaryotic cell analogous to working office?
The prokaryotic cell is analogous to a self-started business. Prokaryotic cells can reproduce and divide, which provides the ability for them to grow larger and more complex organisms. In addition, prokaryotic cells canmanufacture enzymes that allow them to degrade other materials in their environment.	prokaryotic cell	How is prokaryotic cell analogous to self started business?
Prokaryotic cells are analogous to self-started businesses: they reproduce by splitting and growing new cells.	prokaryotic cell	How is prokaryotic cell analogous to self started business?
The analogy of prokaryotic cells is that they are started by the cell's own genetic instructions. Prokaryotic cells can do many things, like photosynthesis and making proteins, but they cannot replication or grow larger than a small amount.	prokaryotic cell	How is prokaryotic cell analogous to self started business?
Prokaryotic cells are analogous to self-started businesses. Prokaryotic cells must first reproduce themselves in order to produce new cells, which then continues to produce cellulose and other metabolites. Once a prokaryotic cell has reproduced itself, it can begin producing glucose and other nutrients that the host organism needs for growth and development	prokaryotic cell	How is prokaryotic cell analogous to self started business?
Operating systems are analogous to college libraries in that they provide a library of software tools and applications. A kernel is the core of an operating system, and it provides the basic functions necessary for running programs.	operating systems kernel	How is operating systems kernel analogous to college library?
Operating systems are analogous to college libraries in that they provide a platform upon which applications and programs can be run. Most operating systems use one or more kernels, which is the core of the OS. The kernel provides functionality for the system as a whole and manages access to resources such as memory, disk space, and input/output devices.	operating systems kernel	How is operating systems kernel analogous to college library?
Operating systems are analogy to college libraries in that they house software used by users. Security is a top priority for operating systems, which means that viruses and other malware cannot damage data or system programs. Operating systems also have repositories of accepted applications, files and folders that can be reached without needing to search through dozens of recommended applications. Finally, operating systems are typically updated on a regular basis with new patches and updates.	operating systems kernel	How is operating systems kernel analogous to college library?
Operating systems and college libraries are both repositories of knowledge. The operating system holds the library's sources, while the library holds the Operating System's documentation.	operating systems kernel	How is operating systems kernel analogous to college library?
Operating systems are analogous to college libraries in that they provide a well-maintained and organized system for storing, managing, and executing software. In addition, operating systems typically come with pre-installed applications used by users. The kernel is the core of an operating system and manages all of the basic functions of the operating system such as communication between devices (via addresses) and controlling input/output operations.	operating systems kernel	How is operating systems kernel analogous to college library?
Proteins are analogous to the capitalists in a self-started business. The businessman creates value by producing products that are of use to others and generating new income. Proteins do the same thing, except they produce their own antibodies	prokaryotic cell	How is prokaryotic cell analogous to self started business?
Limiting reactant analogy is similar to cup of coffee granules because each batch of reactants in a reaction is limited by the amount of water that can be used. In a limitation Reactant analogy, limitingreactant analogy means restricting the maximum concentration or amount that can be achieved in a reaction.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant analogous to a cup of coffee granules?
 Limiting reactant analogy would be to say that the cup of coffee granules are what you get when brewing. With limiting reactant, it is analogous to saying that certain compounds or reactions cannot take place because they do not have enough oxygen.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant analogous to a cup of coffee granules?
A cup of coffee granules is ground up and it has a lot of different flavors in it. In the same way, limiting reactant can have a variety of different flavors in it. For example, limited reactant might be used to make something like apple cider vinegar or lactic acid.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant analogous to a cup of coffee granules?
It is analogous to how limiting reactant analogy might be used in a sentence: We only have six cups of coffee left, so I limit myself to one cup.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant analogous to a cup of coffee granules?
 limiting reactant analogy: cup of coffee granules	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant analogous to a cup of coffee granules?
 limiting reactant analogy: engineLimited by the number of pistons in the engine.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant analogous to engine?
Limiting reactant analogy: Engine operates by creating and using energy to create motion. Reactants are limited in how much they can do, while products are unlimited.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant analogous to engine?
Limiting reactant analogy is that limiting reactant analogy compares React (reactants) to an engine. An engine gives power to a vehicle by turning pistons which create motion. In the same way, limited reactants limits the amount of energy that can be converted into chemical reactions in a reaction vessel.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant analogous to engine?
A limiting Reactant is analogous to an engine in that it powers the reactions of a chemical reaction.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant analogous to engine?
 limiting reactant analogy: engine - a machine that helps produce motion by breaking down large blocks of fuel and air to create windsor.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant analogous to engine?
Zipper is a type of fastener that closes two ends of fabric together. Helicase is a type of enzyme used in the same manner to catalyze the conversion of one amino acid into another molecule.	helicase	How is helicase analogous to zipper zip?
Zipper zips are fast and durable, but can also create holes in clothing. Helicase is a slow, reliable way to close these gaps.	helicase	How is helicase analogous to zipper zip?
Zipper is a type of fastener that closes two paths together. Helicase is an analog to zip, as it opens and closes several times per molecule in order to form the loops needed for DNA repair.	helicase	How is helicase analogous to zipper zip?
Helicase is a type of protein that helps zip proteins together. Zip is a common analogy for helicase because it creates or removes loops from DNA.	helicase	How is helicase analogous to zipper zip?
The two most important types of enzymes in the body are helicases andZip proteins. Helicases catalyze a chemical reaction between two molecules, while Zip proteins zip together more than one molecule to form a simple product.	helicase	How is helicase analogous to zipper zip?
Dna replication binding proteins are analogous to hands holding open two stripes of magnet. The protein holds the complementary strands together and helps the DNA replicated evenly.	dna replication binding proteins	How is dna replication binding proteins analogous to hands holding open two strips of magnet?
The similarities between the binding proteins of DNA replication and hands holding open two strips of magnet are that both proteinsYD2 and WDR-1 interact with other partners to hold the DNA in a closed state. Additionally, both proteinsYD2 and WDR-1 share an essential role in physically restrained DNA replication.	dna replication binding proteins	How is dna replication binding proteins analogous to hands holding open two strips of magnet?
 dna replication binding proteins act as170 magnetohydrodynamic device to open two strips of DNA.	dna replication binding proteins	How is dna replication binding proteins analogous to hands holding open two strips of magnet?
A dna replication binding protein analogy would be to imagine how hands can hold open two strips of magnet. The proteins that help bind the duplicated DNA are analogous to the fingers on one's hand, and the proteins that help free the duplexed DNA are analogous to closures on magnets.	dna replication binding proteins	How is dna replication binding proteins analogous to hands holding open two strips of magnet?
Dna replication binding proteins (DRBP) are analogous to hands that hold open two strips of magnet. DRBP helices help stabilize the duplex DNA, and they can- also be phosphorylated in response to stress or injury. This enables them to interact with other proteins for transcriptional activation or translation initiation.	dna replication binding proteins	How is dna replication binding proteins analogous to hands holding open two strips of magnet?
Ligase is similar to a sewing machine because it can sew pieces of fabric together.	ligase	How is ligase analogous to sewing machine?
Ligase is analogous to a sewing machine because it can join two pieces of DNA together.	ligase	How is ligase analogous to sewing machine?
Ligase analogy: Sewing machine - The ligase is used to join two pieces of DNA together.	ligase	How is ligase analogous to sewing machine?
Ligase is analogous to a sewing machine. It joins two DNAs together by transferring the strands of DNA from one arm of the donordnA to the other arm of the donorDN A.	ligase	How is ligase analogous to sewing machine?
Ligase is analogous to a sewing machine because it can join two pieces of DNA together.	ligase	How is ligase analogous to sewing machine?
The analogy between process control block and inode is that the purpose of a process control block is to ensure that the sequence of operations within a given system are carried out in an ordered manner. In contrast, an inode represents a single point at which data can be stored.	process control block	How is process control block analogous to inode?
Process control block is analogous to inode in that it stores process information.	process control block	How is process control block analogous to inode?
Process control block analogy: Inode is analogous to a process control block in that it stores information about the current state of a file.	process control block	How is process control block analogous to inode?
Process control block (PCB) analogy: Inode is analogous to a process control board, which manages the flow of data through an enterprise. A PCB will typically have four sectionsthe front, the back, the middle, and the topthat manage different aspects of a process. Each section can be thought of as an individual inode or inventoryitem in a PC database.	process control block	How is process control block analogous to inode?
A process control block is analogous to an inode in a filesystem. It stores information about the current state of a file and its descendants.	process control block	How is process control block analogous to inode?
When you speak, sounds are created by wet air passing through your mouth and up your throat. These sound waves cause muscles in the larynx to contract and push out liquid air which is then sensed by the ear as a vibration. This process is called pronunciation. When an information bit is put into a message format, it's converted into these same sound waves and sent across the internet or other communication medium where each letter or number has its own unique combination of vibrations that are registered by listeners/viewers who can understand them.	message encoding	How is message encoding analogous to speaking?
Encoding is analogous to speaking. Words are converted into text format and sent over the internet.	message encoding	How is message encoding analogous to speaking?
Message encoding analogy is to speaking. Just as you can speak in a hierarchical way, so too can messages be encoded using hierarchy-based encoding methods. For example, text files that are meant for printing may be expressed as bitmaps or illustrations, while web pages and emails may use HTML or XML.	message encoding	How is message encoding analogous to speaking?
The analogy between message encoding and speaking is that a message is like a sentence, and an alphabet is like a set of sounds. When you encode a sentence into binary, you are doing the same thing as when you speak: You are translating one set of words into another.	message encoding	How is message encoding analogous to speaking?
Encoding a communication is analogous to speaking. The task of encoding a message is to create an algorithm that will allow the receiving party to understand the content of the communication.	message encoding	How is message encoding analogous to speaking?
In the context of drug-receptor interaction, lock and key analogy would be appropriate. In both cases, the drugs are trying to affect a specific site on the receptor that is sensitive to them. If one of the drugs cannot reach its target site, it will cause an allergic reaction or interact with other molecules in the receptor causing it to malfunction. The same analogy could also be used for how keys work: if you lose your key, you can't open your door; but if someone else has lost their key too, they might be able to get into your house from behind by exploiting another weakness in security systems.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites analogous to lock and key?
The analogy between drug and receptor sites is that they both need a key to be able to work. Drugs interact with receptors in the body by binding to them and causing an effect. The same principle applies to locks, as keys must travel from the outside world (the side without the lock) into thelock itself before it can be used.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites analogous to lock and key?
The analogy between drug interaction and lock and key is that drugs interact with receptor sites to control how the receptors work.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites analogous to lock and key?
The analogy between drug interactions and lock and key is that the key helps to open the door while the Drug interaction prevents access by other people.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites analogous to lock and key?
In the context of Drug interactions,lock and key analogy would be to think about how two people can interact with each other by using a lock and key. In this analogy it is analogous to how drug interactions work - one person uses their input (the lock) to create a physical object that they want access to (the key), while the other person has the same input but uses their knowledge or understanding of the lock system (their abilities as an expert) in order to unlock the object for them. This way both parties are able to achieve their desired outcome without having any interaction between themselves.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites analogous to lock and key?
 interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to foot fitting in footprint. The drug will attach to the receptor site, and the receptor site will then bind to the other molecules in a chain (e.g., metabolites) that are associated with that particular drug. These chains can be visualized by checking for a consistent pattern of concentration on analytical microscopes as well as by measuring the amount of product present at each site.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites analogous to foot fitting in footprint?
INTERACTION BETWEEN DRUGS AND RECEPTOR SITES ANALYZED: drug interaction groove - This is a groove on the surface of a receptor that permits thedrug to bind and occupancy of the receptor by the drug. foot fit - Fitting of the foot in an footprint will allow for accurate placement ofthe rocker arms on the feet, since they are unrelated and move independently from one another.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites analogous to foot fitting in footprint?
When two substances interact with receptors, the receptor sites are "fit" to one another. This is because some of the drug's atoms resonate at those sites and thus a fit occurs.  In footprinting, it is also important to account for occupancies - that is, number of molecules per site - in order to determine how well each material will fit onto the other objects.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites analogous to foot fitting in footprint?
The analogy between drug interaction and foot fitting is that the two activities are analogous to how a person's feet fit into their shoes. When a person walks around, they constantly move their feet, which creates friction with the surface of the shoe. This happens in the same way with drugs and receptor sites; when two substances come into contact with each other, it can create interactions that could lead to side effects or harm. To ensuremaximum safety, scientists often use tests to measure how well differentdrugs interact with receptors on different parts of the body before prescribing them.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites analogous to foot fitting in footprint?
One analogy is that of foot fitting in footprint. The drug binds to the receptor site andLegendary PeptidesInteractions between drugs and receptor sites analogous to foot fitting in footprint would be similar because receptors are specific binding sites for a certain type of molecule. In addition, it is important to note thatfootfittingin footprint deals with size; not all molecules will fit at every site on the receptor, but as Eventually these fitters form a stable pattern which can be used King's College LondonThe Footfit phenomenon has been observed when two binders - one large enough Kingdom College Londonto cover the entire registered by itself (100% occupancy), but small enough PEPTIDE Interactions between drugs and receptor Sites akin to foot fitting in footprint allows us argue there potential interactions Marco A., Stefan P., Michael J., et al. * Structural Science* 368: 139-158 (2013))Since receptors are single-binding sites, any chemical or physical interaction between different molecules vying for control over this area will lead to reduced or no overlap at these specific binding spots.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites analogous to foot fitting in footprint?
Monitor is an instrument that helps a person see what is happening in the environment. Face is the external anatomical feature of humans and other animals, which includes features such as eyes, ears, nose and mouth.	monitor	How is monitor analogous to human face?
A monitor is a computer screen that is used to display information. Like human faces, monitors vary in size and shape, making them ideal for different uses such as displays at home, in the office, or during professional training. Additionally, monitors are typically furnished with individual screens that can be linked together to provide a multi-screen presentation.	monitor	How is monitor analogous to human face?
Monitor is an analogy to human face because they both show the user's current state. A monitor also has a display which can be used for different tasks such as viewing information, checking messages or controlling devices.	monitor	How is monitor analogous to human face?
Monitor is an analogy to human face because monitors provide a continuously updated view of what is happening on the screen.	monitor	How is monitor analogous to human face?
Monitor is typically a monitor, which is an electronic device used to display information. Face is the physical object that a person sees when looking at themselves in a mirror or other glass-enclosed object.	monitor	How is monitor analogous to human face?
There is no one answer to this question as cpu and brain are both complex objects with many similarities. Some possible comparisons betweencpu and brain include their ability to process information, the way they understand and use symbols, and how they contribute to our overall cognitive function.	cpu	How is cpu analogous to brain?
There is no one answer to this question as there are a variety of analogy[s] between cpu and brain. Some examples include: CPUs can process information in parallel, like the human brain; processors within a computer have increased speed and power compared to earlier versions; and the number of cores on an individual CPU is limited only by how many cores can be put on one chip.	cpu	How is cpu analogous to brain?
The cpu analogy to the brain is that a CPU does what a brain does, but it is less powerful.	cpu	How is cpu analogous to brain?
The cpu is analogous to the brain because it is a processor that helps run programs. The brain does this by coordinating the activity of many different cells in its body.	cpu	How is cpu analogous to brain?
There is no scientific agreement on the between cpu and brain. Some say that they are similar, while others claim that they are completely different beasts. Many experts believe that there is a lot of unknowns about CPUs and how they work which makes it difficult to make generalizations based on this information alone.	cpu	How is cpu analogous to brain?
A motherboard is analogous to a skeleton in that it provides the physical foundation for an electronic system. boards are connected together with wires and connectors, and they provide electrical or bus power to various components on the computer.	motherboard	How is motherboard analogous to skeleton?
A motherboard is analogous to the skeleton of a human. A motherboard houses all the electronics that allow your computer to function, and it also helps protect your system from physical damage.	motherboard	How is motherboard analogous to skeleton?
A motherboard is analogous to a skeleton in that it house the basic components of an electronic device. The components on a motherboard are physically separated from one another by a thermal interface material (TIM). This allows Heat Spread Resistance (HSR) measurements to be made without touching any component.	motherboard	How is motherboard analogous to skeleton?
A motherboard is analogous to a skeleton in that it contains the microprocessor, memory, and other components necessary for an electronic device to function.	motherboard	How is motherboard analogous to skeleton?
A motherboard is analogous to a skeleton in that it is an important part of the computer system and its supporting circuitry. The motherboard physically supports the various components of a computer, such as the CPU, graphics card, and drive array. It also supplies power to these components, controls access to resources on the computer systems hardware (typically BIOS settings), and provides some degree of continuity between different parts of the machine.	motherboard	How is motherboard analogous to skeleton?
Pre-frontal lobe is the part of the brain that governs thinking, decision making and most important, episodic memory. Ram is similar to pre-frontal lobe in that it helps create new memories.	ram	How is ram analogous to pre-frontal lobe?
There is some comparison between the functions of the pre-frontal lobe and the function of the ram in animals. The pre-frontal lobe helps with planning, decision making, and other cognitive tasks while also controlling emotions. The contrast between this area in humans and a dog's brain is that dogs' brains are larger than human brains; their prefrontal cortex has more neurons. Additionally, when atoms collide at high speeds in a lab experiment there is an audible "boom" sound due to air pressure changes that can be detected by ear as well as hearCongressman Lamar Smith:  animal testing must end Top 10 quotes on Capitol Hill 1/ polyunsaturated fatty acidsThe omega-3 fatty acids found inramains help prevent heart disease because they reduce inflammation inside your body2/ caffeineIn humans,affeine can increase feelings of euphoria or energy3/ cortisol Cortisol is released during stress4/ xenobioticsXenobiotics are things like chemicals from outside our environment5/ vitamin D Vitamin D may interfere with certain tests done to diagnose cancer6th amino acid tryptophanThis Amino Acid May Help Protect Your Brain From Alcoholism7!/ niacinNiacin may help protect against heart disease8./ retinal detachment Retinal detachments ( which occur when cellsRemove part of your retina ) can lead to blindness9./ mitochondrial dysfunction Mitochondria malfunctioning canCause Cancer10/. hyperactivity Disorder Hyperactivity disorder ( Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) often leads to problems such as poor grades in school	ram	How is ram analogous to pre-frontal lobe?
The frontal lobe is responsible for problem solving and decision making, while the ram is primarily used to actuate muscles.	ram	How is ram analogous to pre-frontal lobe?
A: The frontal lobes are responsible for regulating thoughts, feelings and actions. Ram is a type of animal that has been found to have similar structures in its brain.	ram	How is ram analogous to pre-frontal lobe?
There is some overlap between the functions of the pre-frontal lobe and the ramus communis in mammals, but this resemblance ends there. The function of the pre-frontal lobe is to plan and execute actions, while that of the Ramus Communis is to process information and make decisions.	ram	How is ram analogous to pre-frontal lobe?
Power supply unit is analogous to energy. They both use electricity to power their devices and allow them to operate.	power supply unit	How is power supply unit analogous to energy?
Power supply unit is analogous to energy.	power supply unit	How is power supply unit analogous to energy?
A power supply unit is analogous to an energy source. like a coal mine, electrical cords enter and exit the power supply unit in all directions. Power Supply Units convert analog input into digital form which can be processed by electronic equipment such as calculators, radios, watches and other electronics.	power supply unit	How is power supply unit analogous to energy?
A power supply unit is analogous to an energy providing device.	power supply unit	How is power supply unit analogous to energy?
A power supply unit is analogous to an energy storage tanks in terms of their capabilities. A power supply unit can provide electricity to equipment through one or more outlets and store the excess electricalenergy that is not used during a given period of time, potentially providing renewable energy for future use.	power supply unit	How is power supply unit analogous to energy?
A keyboard is analogous to hands in that they are used for touch and keypressing.	keyboard	How is keyboard analogous to hands?
A keyboard is analogous to hands in that it can be used as a pointer device and act as an interface for computer programs.	keyboard	How is keyboard analogous to hands?
The keyboard is analogous to hands in that it can be used to type. Furthermore, the keys on a keyboard are usually arranged in a grid formation withumeric letters spacing out from each other.	keyboard	How is keyboard analogous to hands?
Keyboard analogy is often drawn to hands because they are both used for similar tasks. When you type a word, your hand moves the keyboard while your eyes and brain process what you're typing. The same thing can be said of picking up a object and placing it in someone else's hand- most objects can be held with one or two hands when accessed correctly.	keyboard	How is keyboard analogous to hands?
 keyboard is analogous to hands because they are both three-dimensional creatures with movements that can be controlled using physical buttons and keys.	keyboard	How is keyboard analogous to hands?
A mouse is analogous to a sense organ in that it has two hands and can use them to interact with its environment.	mouse	How is mouse analogous to senses?
Mouse analogy often implies that sense organs are similar to mouse movements.	mouse	How is mouse analogous to senses?
Mouse is an analogy for senses because it has four limbs, a face and its own body.	mouse	How is mouse analogous to senses?
A mouse is an input device that allows users to interact with a computer. A sense is an array of receptors that detect particular stimuli, such as touch.	mouse	How is mouse analogous to senses?
A mouse is analogous to a sense organ, such as an ear or nose.	mouse	How is mouse analogous to senses?
An audio card analogous to an ear is a headphone jack, which allows you to headphones in.	audio card	How is audio card analogous to ear?
An audio card analogy would be an ear. A microphone and speaker are the two main parts of a ear, while headphones allow you to listen in complete silence.	audio card	How is audio card analogous to ear?
An audio card analogy is that an ear is analogous to a microphone. An audio card converts sound waves into electrical signals and sends those signals to your speakers.	audio card	How is audio card analogous to ear?
A headphone analogy would be to say that audio card is analogous to the ear. Audio cards are used to convert sound into electrical signals, which are then consumed by your ears and converted into sounds. Earrings can also act as headphones, because they fit over your ears and amplify the sound.	audio card	How is audio card analogous to ear?
Ear is a bodily organ that responds to sound waves through the eardrums and hearing aids allow people with deafness or other hearing impairments to enjoy quality audio content. Audio card is analogous to ear in that it provides an input for video programming, gaming, and various other activities.	audio card	How is audio card analogous to ear?
Video cards are analogous to eyes in that they allow users to see images on a screen.	video card	How is video card analogous to eye?
A video card analogy would be to say that the eye is analogous to a camera. That is, it captures image data and converts that data into what our brains can see. Similarly, a video cardizes your computer's information and Bundesliga games will look better on a big screen than on an iPad or phone because we are used to seeing large images on screens this size.	video card	How is video card analogous to eye?
There is no one definitive answer to this question. Video cards and eyes are both electronic devices that allow users to view graphics, video and text on a computer screen. However, unlike an eye, a video card can support multiple displays simultaneously - making it perfect for gaming or watching videos in multi-screen mode.	video card	How is video card analogous to eye?
A video card is analogous to the eye in that it has a display and allows for user interaction.	video card	How is video card analogous to eye?
A video card is analogous to an eye. They are both organs that allow us to see the world around us and play video games.	video card	How is video card analogous to eye?
Coral reefs are composed of many small colonies of coral that have reproduced themselves over time. Coral age calculation uses the same process: The corals reproduce sexually and produce a daughter coral, which grows smaller and eventually dies. Lineage is counted using genetic sequencing techniques to determine how many different generations there were between each individual coral.	tree's age calculation	How is tree's age calculation analogous to coral's age calculation?
There are a few key similarities between tree and coral's age calculation. First, both organisms rely on physical and biochemical processes to maintain their proliferation and ages. For example, corals use calcification to create new skeletons while treesKAur wood must process food through the carbon-based pathway to produce organic matter for propagation. Additionally, expiration rates of different elements also play a role in coral's lifespan - for instance, potassium expires more quickly in seawater than in fresh waterCCS). Similarly, tree growth is slow due to death by natural attrition (i.e., leaves decompose) - similar to how humans live long thanks largely to our dietCPS).	tree's age calculation	How is tree's age calculation analogous to coral's age calculation?
Coral's age calculation is analogous to tree's age calculation in that coral lives for a long time and produces offspring. In tree estimation, the root zone (the area belowground where the plant grows) is used to calculate the number of years that the tree has lived.	tree's age calculation	How is tree's age calculation analogous to coral's age calculation?
When coral is measured in years it is given a number such as "5". However, when tree is measured in decades or centuries its age can be calculated by subtracting the current year from the total number of years it has lived.	tree's age calculation	How is tree's age calculation analogous to coral's age calculation?
The main difference between the two calculations is that coral's age determination depends on its growth rate and decay rate. Tree's age calculation does not rely on these factors and instead uses a more traditional approach which includes measuring the tree's circumference, height, annual production, etc.	tree's age calculation	How is tree's age calculation analogous to coral's age calculation?
A roller coaster is an amusement park ride that uses a rotating track to send guests up and down. A glycolysis analogy would be the spinning of a candy can at an ice cream stand, which creates reactions in the sugar molecules that create flavor and fragrance.	glycolysis	How is glycolysis analogous to roller coaster?
Glycolysis is a process where glucose and oxygen are combined to formNEW H+ ions.	glycolysis	How is glycolysis analogous to roller coaster?
Roller coaster rides use a V-shape motion to send riders on an adventure. Glycolysis is a process that happens in the body, using different enzymes to breaks down carbohydrates into glucose and oxygen. This process is similar to how roller coasters work: they take you on a ride that's constantly changing and suspenseful.	glycolysis	How is glycolysis analogous to roller coaster?
In roller coaster terminology, glycolysis is similar to the process of breaking down carbohydrates into glucose and other molecules.	glycolysis	How is glycolysis analogous to roller coaster?
Rolling on a coaster is like going up and down in a speedboat. The wheel goes around and the boat moves forward or backward. In glycolysis, one molecule of glucose turns into two molecules of pyruvate.	glycolysis	How is glycolysis analogous to roller coaster?
The electricity that is created by a ball striking the plate is scattered in all directions. This is why anti-stokes scattering works best when it's used to determine how much energy an object has.	anti-stokes scattering	How is anti-stokes scattering analogous to ball striking a plate?
When a ball is striking a plate, the motion of the ball and the oil on top of the plate cause friction. This generates heat which causes the oil to liquefy. The balls and liquid hit each other with some force and create an impact that can damage or knock out someone if they are not careful. In anti-stokes scattering, when two pieces of metal are stuck together by a thin film of anticlockwise Scalar waves (ASW), it is equivalent to how two smallballs strike each other at right angles in water droplets.	anti-stokes scattering	How is anti-stokes scattering analogous to ball striking a plate?
If an object is airborne and strikes a plate, theobject's momentum will cause it to scatter in all directions. The same is true for anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	How is anti-stokes scattering analogous to ball striking a plate?
An anti-stokes scattering experiment is similar to a ball striking a plate. The Anti-Stokes Scattering Experiment was first developed in 1915 by Karl Pearson and it uses an electric field to create a scattered light particles.	anti-stokes scattering	How is anti-stokes scattering analogous to ball striking a plate?
The analogy between anti-stokes scattering and ball striking a plate is that when two objects are in close proximity, their million tiny waves of energy bounce off each other, interfering because they are too small to be seen with the naked eye. In the same way, when you hit an object with your hand, there is always a wedge of shocks traveling along your fingers which cause vibrations - these can also be heard as sound. These massive fluctuations in microscopic energy create scattered fields (anti-stokes scattering) around the object you're hitting.	anti-stokes scattering	How is anti-stokes scattering analogous to ball striking a plate?
Stokes scattering is a physical phenomenon that occurs when incident light scattered along the surface of a target. This can be compared to how an individual ball impacts a plate of metal, where each impact results in an exposure of some random energy on the outside of the plate. In this way, stokes scattering reflects and approximately compensates forlight scatter from distant objects.	stokes scattering	How is stokes scattering analogous to ball striking a plate?
The stokes scattering analogy is useful to understand how ball striking a plate works. When a ball hits the bottom of a tank, it creates high density waves (sound waves). These waves spread out in all directions and are attracted to the nearest object - most notably the table top. This echoes throughout the room with surprising power because each wave is traveling at different speeds! The outermost edge of the ball's impact zone will be either close enough to the tabletop or completely removed from it; this is where sound plays its biggest role as an interference factor.	stokes scattering	How is stokes scattering analogous to ball striking a plate?
Stokes scattering analogy is to ball striking a plate. Ball strikers scatter the fragments of their projectile over a large area. In stokes scattering, particles are scattered in smaller areas and this makes it difficult to determine the direction of travel for an object that has been hit.	stokes scattering	How is stokes scattering analogous to ball striking a plate?
The Basically, if you throw a rock off a cliff and break it in two as you hit the ground, that rock was also scattering particles (via gravity) at different speeds. The smaller pieces of the rock traveled at more rapid velocities than the larger ones due to their greater mass and size. When you stoke something up with your hand or an implement such as a poker handle, what's happening is similar - small bits of fuel are being created by whatever object you're stirring up. These bitimes likely scatter faster than when they impacted the surface because they have greater energy.	stokes scattering	How is stokes scattering analogous to ball striking a plate?
Stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate. The results depend on the size of the particles and how they are designed to interact with one another.	stokes scattering	How is stokes scattering analogous to ball striking a plate?
Median lethal dose is a relative measure of the amount of poison that will kill one person in 100 000 exposures. It is similar to asking someone how much poison they would need to kill 10 people.	median lethal dose	How is median lethal dose analogous to balls and target?
The median lethal dose (MLD) is a unit of toxicity used in toxicology to measure the amount of poison that can kill an animal or person. It is typically 1/10,000th of the adult LD value.	median lethal dose	How is median lethal dose analogous to balls and target?
The median lethal dose is the amount that kills half of all test subjects.	median lethal dose	How is median lethal dose analogous to balls and target?
A median lethal dose is the amount of a poison that will kill 50% of those who take it.	median lethal dose	How is median lethal dose analogous to balls and target?
A median lethal dose is a measure of the size and intensity of a poisons toxic effect. It is often used as a guide to toxicity levels for tests involving animals or humans. The target test only allows for calculation of the mean lethal dose (mg/kg body weight).	median lethal dose	How is median lethal dose analogous to balls and target?
The surface of a balloon is like the universe. The inflationary epoch started with the Big Bang and ended about 13 billion years ago with the death of the last star. In between, there were many cycles of expansion and contraction followed by millions of years of peace. All this happened in an era where energy was still minuscule compared to today's levels.	universe	How is universe analogous to surface of a balloon?
The surface of a balloon is the outside of the balloon. The universe is analogous to the surface of the Milky Way galaxy, which is one of hundreds or thousands of galaxies in our observable universe.	universe	How is universe analogous to surface of a balloon?
When scientists study the universe, they use mathematical models to explore how it behaves. One of these models is a balloon. A balloon has a space between its Framework and the air inside it. The space provides support for the Balloons atmosphere as well as insulation from the outside world. In addition, because the balloons have no surface, scientists can study how radiation affects them and their environment using observational techniques such as radar or mapping devices	universe	How is universe analogous to surface of a balloon?
The universe is analogous to the surface of a balloon. The greater area within a given volume indicates that the object has more mass than if it werecontained in smaller volumes. Additionally, the greater size of universe compared to other objects signifies its vastness and explored by human beings only recently.	universe	How is universe analogous to surface of a balloon?
The surface of a balloon is analogy to the universe. Just as a balloon has a finite lifespan and cannot go higher than its inflation point, the universe will eventually expire and disappear. The same can be said for our human experience: we may reach an infinite number of points in time but ultimately will expire.	universe	How is universe analogous to surface of a balloon?
Enzyme mechanism analogy to lock and key is that enzymes are proteins that catalyze chemical reactions. Keys are physical objects used to unlock locks, while enzyme mechanisms use molecules (such as kinases) to catalyze chemical reactions.	enzyme mechanism	How is enzyme mechanism analogous to lock and key?
Enzyme mechanism analogy is that of a lock and key. The lock works by gripping the issue to be locked, while the key fits into one of the grooves on either side of thelock. When you turn the lock, it turns both keys together, which unlocks the issue.	enzyme mechanism	How is enzyme mechanism analogous to lock and key?
Enzyme mechanism analogy would be to say that the lock and key are equivalents. The enzyme is responsible for turning a crank, which in turnopens the door. Similarly, the key unlocks the door by means of interaction with an enzyme that is present on the outside of the locked container or machine.	enzyme mechanism	How is enzyme mechanism analogous to lock and key?
Both enzymes and locks use chemical reactions to change either a substrate or an activator into the active form. The key difference is that keys are physical objects that can be inserted into lockholes, whereas enzymes are organic molecules that act on substrates without any force (i.e., they don't require energy).	enzyme mechanism	How is enzyme mechanism analogous to lock and key?
Enzyme Mechanism is analogous to lock and key. Enzyme mechanism helps in the conversion of one molecule into another, like a lock and key.	enzyme mechanism	How is enzyme mechanism analogous to lock and key?
Anova is a statistical testing technique that uses raw data to find signal in the noise. The purpose of anova is to identify which variables are associated with different outcomes and thereby enable study design that advantageizes these variables for analysis.	anova	How is anova analogous to finding signal in the noise?
Anova is analogous to finding anise in the noise. The difference between these two methods is that anova excludes outliers and uses a different statistic, called kappa, to measure how much variation there is among data sets.	anova	How is anova analogous to finding signal in the noise?
Anova is similar to finding a signal in the noise. That is, you are looking for patterns among the data that can be used to tell you something about how each unit did in this experiment.	anova	How is anova analogous to finding signal in the noise?
Anova is similar to finding signal in the noise. The difference is that anova uses a multiple comparison approach, while searching for signal in the noise involves selecting one value and concluding it is significant compared to all the other values.	anova	How is anova analogous to finding signal in the noise?
Anova is a common experimental technique used to measure the difference between the signals in data sets. The performance of anova depends on how well specific conditions (such as those affecting Variance) are guessed by the computer.	anova	How is anova analogous to finding signal in the noise?
The hypothalamus is responsible for controlling the body's temperature. The thermostat analogy would be to say that the thermostat corresponds to this same function.	thermostat	How is thermostat analogous to hypothalamus?
The hypothalamus is a part of the brain that controls temperature and energy metabolism. The thermostat analogy would be to say that the hypothalamus is analogous to the control center for an oven or fan.	thermostat	How is thermostat analogous to hypothalamus?
There is much data on hypothalamus in regards to thermoregulation, but there is limited overlap between the two structures. The hypothalamus controls many aspects of temperature regulation including drinking and eating, as well as sexual behavior. It also contains nerve cells that	thermostat	How is thermostat analogous to hypothalamus?
The hypothalamus is responsible for controlling body temperature. Thermostat analogy would be to analogy it with a thermostat that sets the temperature of your room; the hypothalamus controls how much heat is allowed into your room.	thermostat	How is thermostat analogous to hypothalamus?
The hypothalamus is a structure in the brain that helps control body temperature. It also wired to other parts of the brain, including the heart and lungs, which help regulate blood flow and breathe.	thermostat	How is thermostat analogous to hypothalamus?
Chemical equilibrium is analogous to water level in dam and lake. When the levels of two substances are within a prescribed range, they are said to be at chemical equilibrium.	chemical equilibrium	How is chemical equilibrium analogous to water level in dam and lake?
 Chemical equilibrium is the relationship between chemical levels in solutions and tissues. It provides a snapshot of how things are balanced, allowing scientists to study how chemicals work together and interact with one another.	chemical equilibrium	How is chemical equilibrium analogous to water level in dam and lake?
Chemical equilibrium is the state of a system where all of the elements in the system are in the same concentration.	chemical equilibrium	How is chemical equilibrium analogous to water level in dam and lake?
The two most important factors in water level are the dam's height and its length. The more a dam is higher, the less room it has below it for water to flow. The longer the dam, the more space there is above it for water to flow.	chemical equilibrium	How is chemical equilibrium analogous to water level in dam and lake?
Chemical equilibrium is analogous to water level in a dam and lake. In a dam, the upstream side of the dam is higher than the downstream side. The same analogy applies to lakes: the upstream end of a lake is higher than the downstream end.	chemical equilibrium	How is chemical equilibrium analogous to water level in dam and lake?
Just-in-time is a manufacturing management technique that refers to the process of Manufacturing products in an assembly line so that they are ready when they are needed. Just-in-time Philosophy states that quality and schedule must be matched, with the goal being to produce each product on time and within budget.	just-in-time	How is just-in-time analogous to water and rocks?
The analogy between just-in-time and water and rocks is that in order for something to be just in time, it must arrive at a specific moment. Just as with water, if something is delivered suddenly into someone's hands, they may not have time to properly process or use it before it runs out. similarly, items placed into an inventory are often said to be " Rocks ," because they will only come back up once everything else has been used or discarded.	just-in-time	How is just-in-time analogous to water and rocks?
Just-in-time is a linear model of time that assigns one specific value to each event. For example, an event may be the arrival of a package at your house, and this value could be set to 0 minutes ago or tomorrow. Just-in-time takes into account what has already happened in order to assign the most recent value to an event. This analogy between just-in-time and water and rocks can help explain how it works.	just-in-time	How is just-in-time analogous to water and rocks?
Just-in-time refers to the ability of a company or individual to "just in time" produce an item or service that is exactly when it needs to be. This analogy can be seen in companies such as Amazon, which offers customers "Prime Day," which means that items offered at a discount are available only during Prime Day.	just-in-time	How is just-in-time analogous to water and rocks?
Just-in-time is inherently about reducing the time it takes to produce a product. Just as water needs only river floor andkayaks placed on them in order for them to work, so too does an individual need just-in-time products.	just-in-time	How is just-in-time analogous to water and rocks?
Adaptive immunity is analogous to police headquerters in that it consists of the natural ability of individuals to solve problems by adapting their behavior.	adaptive immunity	How is adaptive immunity analogous to police headquerters?
Adaptive immunity is comparable to police headquerters in that it is a form of protection against harm. Adaptive immunity helps individuals to protect themselves from harm, which can include catching and prosecuting criminals.	adaptive immunity	How is adaptive immunity analogous to police headquerters?
Adaptive immunity can be considered to be a form of police headquerters. As with all forms of enforcement, the goal is to protect public safety by detecting and punishing criminals. In similar fashion, adaptive immunity strives to detect and prevent infections byDetecting and preventing infections by viruses, bacteria, or other pathogens.	adaptive immunity	How is adaptive immunity analogous to police headquerters?
Adaptive immunity is similar to police headquerters. Officers are trained in how to respond and investigate crime, so they can handle situations more effectively. This type of immunity also includes knowledge about the suspect or victim's characteristics, which allows officers to Catch-22 by themselves: They cannot arrest someone unless they have evidence that the person was involved in a crime.	adaptive immunity	How is adaptive immunity analogous to police headquerters?
 adaptive immunity is analogous to police headquerters. A policer patrols a beat, constantly checking for crime and making arrests as needed. The same principle applies to the immune system  its constantly monitoring its surroundings in order to prepare itself for potential threats.	adaptive immunity	How is adaptive immunity analogous to police headquerters?
Ohm's law is similar to the laws of motion for animals and humans. It states that when two factors are in opposition, the second will eventually overcome the first. This is true for materials and objects as well. When one has an electrical current through them, ohm's law can be used to calculate how much current there is going through it.	ohm's law	How is ohm's law analogous to cats, mice and cake?
Ohm's law states that the Ohm's Voltage is equivalent to resistance.	ohm's law	How is ohm's law analogous to cats, mice and cake?
Ohm's law is analogous to cats, mice and cake because it states that the current through a resistor equals the voltage across the resistor.	ohm's law	How is ohm's law analogous to cats, mice and cake?
Ohm's law is analogous to the laws of motion and electricity. When two things move, they need energy to do so. This energy can be found in objects like cats and mice, or in the wind (E=MC2). Ohm's law states that this energy must come from somewhere else - it's called ohmic potential difference.	ohm's law	How is ohm's law analogous to cats, mice and cake?
Ohm's law is analogous to cats, mice and cake. In physics, ohm's law states that the voltage of an electric current is inversely proportional to the resistance of the material it travels through.	ohm's law	How is ohm's law analogous to cats, mice and cake?
Transcription is a similar process to photocopying, in that both require an image of text to be copied onto paper. However, transcription also uses sound waves as the medium for copying text, whereas photocopy relies on light.	transcription	How is transcription analogous to photocopying?
Transcription is a process of copying text from one medium to another. This is done by taking an image of the text and then using a machine to duplicate the text.	transcription	How is transcription analogous to photocopying?
Transcription is a process of copying text from one medium, such as paper or speech, to another medium, such as audio cassettes or digital files.	transcription	How is transcription analogous to photocopying?
When transcription is compared to photocopy, it is important to remember that transcription is a two-party process. The transcriber and the reader are both involved in the process of transmitting information from one medium to another. This means that there is always a certain level of cooperation between these parties involved in translating text into another language.	transcription	How is transcription analogous to photocopying?
 transcription is similar to photocopying because it copying an image of a text.	transcription	How is transcription analogous to photocopying?
Rna polymerase is analogous to a Xerox machine in that it can produce copies of RNA molecules.	rna polymerase	How is rna polymerase analogous to xerox machine?
Rna polymerase is like a Xerox machine, which prints copies of the DNA sequence.	rna polymerase	How is rna polymerase analogous to xerox machine?
Rna polymerase is similar to a Xerox machine in that it can print documents.	rna polymerase	How is rna polymerase analogous to xerox machine?
Rna polymerase is analogous to a Xerox machine in that it can photocopy unlimited amounts of DNA.	rna polymerase	How is rna polymerase analogous to xerox machine?
Rna polymerase is an enzyme that catalyzes the replication of DNA through a process called transcription. Xerox machines are similar in that they can print out text by volume, one letter at a time.	rna polymerase	How is rna polymerase analogous to xerox machine?
Ribosome is analogous to a cook because it helps to create and carry out the chemical reactions within cells.	ribosome	How is ribosome analogous to cook?
Ribosomes are analogous to cook because they catalyze the translation of mRNA into proteins.	ribosome	How is ribosome analogous to cook?
Ribosome analogy to cook: Ribosomes are similar in function to cookstove heaters, used to create warmth and vaporize food.	ribosome	How is ribosome analogous to cook?
Ribosome analogy: Cook is analogous to a ribosome. Ribosomes are responsible for translating genetic instructions into proteins, which are then stored in the liver or other cells and used when needed.	ribosome	How is ribosome analogous to cook?
Ribosome analogy: Cook is analogous to a ribosome in that it helps proteins fold into their correct shapes.	ribosome	How is ribosome analogous to cook?
Activator protein analogy would be to bookmarks. Bookmarks are shortcuts that a user must know how to use in order to navigate the web site they are visiting.activator protein analogy would be to shortcuts that a user must know how to use in order to navigate the web site they are visiting.	activator protein	How is activator protein analogous to bookmarks?
 activator protein (AP) is analogy to bookmarks. Bookmarks are physical locations on a computer screen that allow the user to easily find information they want or need. activator protein also allows proteins within cells to bind and interact with one another, resulting in better cell function.	activator protein	How is activator protein analogous to bookmarks?
An activator protein (AP) is a molecule that helps to promote the growth and activity of cells. Bookmarks are similar in that they are also molecules that help to promote cell growth, but bookmarks are specific to certain pages in a document, whereas activators proteins can be found on both the front and back cover of books.	activator protein	How is activator protein analogous to bookmarks?
Activator protein is similar to bookmarks because it helps a computer remember a particular URL or link.	activator protein	How is activator protein analogous to bookmarks?
Activator protein is analogous to bookmarks in that it helps keep track of where a particular file or url live.	activator protein	How is activator protein analogous to bookmarks?
Electric circuits are analogy to airflows through tubes. In a tube, the motion of the liquid is caused by the pressure inside the tube and outside of it. The same pressure exists in all directions I Electric Circuit analogy electric current flows universally in straight lines like water flow through pipes	electric circuit	How is electric circuit analogous to air flowing through a tube?
An electric circuit analogy would be to think of the air in a tube as flowing through a hole in the top. The flow of air is affected by the pressure inside the tube, and this pressure affects how quickly or slowly the air travels down the tube. The same applies to electricity: It'saffected by pressure (laboratories), so it flows faster or slower depending on where it's located.	electric circuit	How is electric circuit analogous to air flowing through a tube?
Electric circuits are analogous to air flow through a tube. Since electric current flows in one direction, it is like the currents flowing through an open mouth. Air moves downwards and oxygen is drawn up into the lungs. The gasusha then goes back down the tube and leaves the person's body	electric circuit	How is electric circuit analogous to air flowing through a tube?
Electric current flow through a tube analogy because electric fields are like the air flowing through it. Electric currents flow in straight lines and leave behind electrons as they travel. The same thing happens when you put air pressure on the end of an tubing where there is no water!	electric circuit	How is electric circuit analogous to air flowing through a tube?
Electric current flows through a wire in the same way that air flow through a tube. The main difference is that electric current travels more quickly than air currents.	electric circuit	How is electric circuit analogous to air flowing through a tube?
Electric circuits are analogous to ropes through metal rings, with the wires circling a central core. The electricity flows from one side of the ring to the other, and around and between the wires.	electric circuit	How is electric circuit analogous to rope through metal rings?
Electric circuits are analogues of ropes through metal rings. The analogy begins with the fact that an electric circuit consists of a network of wire loops. A resistor (an electronic device that conducts electricity in one direction only) is placed between each loop, blocking the flow of electricity from one loop to another. When anelectric current flows through the resistor, it creates voltage (positive charges and negative charges), which falls on the capacitor (a storage device made up of two or more small groups of capacitors) and forms a voltage-voltage relationship: V = C - E. This equation determines how much current is flowing through the resistor and how powerful the electric field around it is.	electric circuit	How is electric circuit analogous to rope through metal rings?
A wire fence is similar to a electric circuit. When wires are buried in the ground, they create an electrical potential that can be sensed by repeaters on top of the fence. This information is used to generate electronic circuits that run between adjacent poles and wires within those circuits.	electric circuit	How is electric circuit analogous to rope through metal rings?
Electric circuits are analogous to ropes through metal rings. In a perfect electric circuit, no light would ever reach the ground because all currents and voltages would be eliminated. However, in an Electric Circuit, some current is forced through the metals in order to connect two points. This current is called a voltage or acuity and it can be measured in Amps (Amperes), Hz (hertz) or V elec (voltage).	electric circuit	How is electric circuit analogous to rope through metal rings?
Electric circuits are analogous to ropes through metal rings because they use the same basic properties: resistance, capacitance, and current.	electric circuit	How is electric circuit analogous to rope through metal rings?
There is no one answer to this question, as hydrophobicity can have a number of different functions in various contexts. In some cases, it may be used as anhettment (distinguishing between components of a composition), while in others it may serve to attract water molecules and help waterproof materials. Ultimately, though, hydrophobia's impact on behavior largely depends on the context and individual partner(s).	hydrophobic effect	How is hydrophobic effect analogous to teenagers at a party?
When you want something to stay in your hand, you put it into a water droplet. The hydrophobic effect is the same as when we try to keep things like food and drinks inside our mouths by putting them into gummy bears.	hydrophobic effect	How is hydrophobic effect analogous to teenagers at a party?
The hydrophobic effect analogy is typically used to describe how teenagers at a party feel. Teenagers are often Naufragous, meaning that they have no idea where they're going and what they should do next. This can be summed up with the phrase "I'm Tipsky and I don't know where I am."	hydrophobic effect	How is hydrophobic effect analogous to teenagers at a party?
There is no definitive answer to this question, as the hydrophobic effect can be different for different people. However, in general, hydrophobic effects tend to be more pronounced when someone is surrounded by water or liquid substances. This could be an analogy to how teenagers at a party are often around friends and alcohol, which can increase their liking for these substances.	hydrophobic effect	How is hydrophobic effect analogous to teenagers at a party?
One analogy for the hydrophobic effect teenagers have at a party is that they are "crowded in and out of opportunities to get close to people."	hydrophobic effect	How is hydrophobic effect analogous to teenagers at a party?
The process of biological signal transduction is analogous to threat communication in animals. During Threat Communication, the animal releases a warning or threatening motherese which can alarm other members of its group. The mechanism by which signals are sent across the animal's body and delivered to their target is similar to how chemical messages are expressed through smell, sound, Touch and Movement.	biological signal transduction	How is biological signal transduction analogous to threat communication in animals?
 Biological signal transduction is similar to threat communication in animals because both instances involve the sending of signals that trigger other cells or organisms to take action.	biological signal transduction	How is biological signal transduction analogous to threat communication in animals?
 Biological signal transduction is analogous to threat communication in animals because both systems use signals to communicate with other organisms. In biological signal transduction, a transmitter sends a Signal (X) through the environment and into the cells of an animal or plant. The Receiver (Y)rx receives X and interprets it as a challenge or alarm. If the Receiver can respond quickly enough, it responds positively (via action potentials), while if it cannot, then it rapidly returns back to its baseline state (ve).	biological signal transduction	How is biological signal transduction analogous to threat communication in animals?
Biological signal transduction is analogous to threat communication in animals because the goal of both systems is to prevent or mitigate a potential hazard. For example, when an animal sees another animal that they believe might be dangerous, they may send out a warning signal (such as vocalization or movement) in order to notify their companion of the danger.	biological signal transduction	How is biological signal transduction analogous to threat communication in animals?
Biological signals transduction analogy would be that of communication in animals. For example, when a lion smells prey close by they will start to meow and paw at the ground in an attempt to attract attention. The sound waves travelling along their spinal cord will interact with other parts of their body such as the muscles around their vocal cords, causing them to produce a louder noise or cry out for assistance.	biological signal transduction	How is biological signal transduction analogous to threat communication in animals?
