Nadh is a type of courier service that allows sent calls and text messages to be delivered to the people who are forestalled the call or text.	nadh	Explain how nadh is analogous to courier service.
Nadh is a service that sends short messages using an app. It is similar to the courier service thatBushbooks uses to send customers his products from his store. The difference between nadh and courier service is that nadh can be used by anyone, while courier service requires someone to know how to use a computer in order to send messages.	nadh	Explain how nadh is analogous to courier service.
Nadh is similar to courier service. A nahn is a horse-drawn vehicle that delivers goods or petitions. It is pulled by a horse and has a riders seat placed on the back so the person can receive letters or items at their fingertips.	nadh	Explain how nadh is analogous to courier service.
Nadh is analogous to the courier service that you may use to take pictures, videos, or files around your house. The nadh might be mentioned as a replacement for a wireless network in your home or office space. This technoloop would connect to the internet and provide fast speeds for uploading and sharing pictures and videos.	nadh	Explain how nadh is analogous to courier service.
Nadh is a type of courier service that delivers goods or pictures to people who have been sent an email about the delivery.	nadh	Explain how nadh is analogous to courier service.
Nadh is an English word meaning something that is necessary for a person or thing. It can be used to describe things such as food, drink, clothes, or shelter.	nadh	Explain how nadh is analogous to things that are necessary in daily life.
Nadh is like a necessary thing in daily life. It is a food that everyone needs to live a comfortable life. It is something that people use to eat and drink because they understand it as such.	nadh	Explain how nadh is analogous to things that are necessary in daily life.
Nadh is similar to things that are necessary in daily life. For example, nahl is a tube of water that goes into a container, and k Levin is a book.	nadh	Explain how nadh is analogous to things that are necessary in daily life.
Nadh is equivalent to what we call "ês" in daily life. For example, we use " Prediction Engine " to describe a system that predicts the future. N Addiction is associated with the habit of addiction. It is essential for using these words or eliminating certain office policies.	nadh	Explain how nadh is analogous to things that are necessary in daily life.
Nadh is similar to things that are necessary in daily life. For example, Nadh is similar to acellular albumen. Acellular albumen is an important fluid between heart and liver. It helps keep the body functioning like a liquid.	nadh	Explain how nadh is analogous to things that are necessary in daily life.
The analogy of proteins to a corporate hub is that a protein is the center of a ring, and each amino acid (a building block of proteins) is associated with a particular electronic state. In other words, a protein from one company is like a high-pressureilonger type network Sacramentel in the sky. Every Read more about it here.	proteins	Explain how proteins is analogous to corporate hub.
The central processing unit in a computer is called the "hub." The msg.unix. Hub is an abbreviation for "memory, uniprocessor," and refers to a system's overall Central Processing Unit (CPU) and associated variables. These systems are said to be in "the Hub." A brand new program or instruction will typically go into the system's Rubik's Cube with most existing programs and algorithms. This is done through aport from the hub, which is the Anita Borg code name for the main memory of a computer.	proteins	Explain how proteins is analogous to corporate hub.
A protein is like a corporate hub, which is where files and folders are organized.	proteins	Explain how proteins is analogous to corporate hub.
Protein is like a corporate hub. It provides a space foreggs, A/C lines, and other electronic components to be connected.	proteins	Explain how proteins is analogous to corporate hub.
What is proteins? Pinoszyme andbowls are both obtained from the Chaos Inc. laboratory, which is linked to the CEO of larger companies. In this analogy, protein refers to the hub office for information handling in a company. Hub offices are large, study-and-action environments where employees can go for help and support as they work on theirdegree requirements.	proteins	Explain how proteins is analogous to corporate hub.
A protein is a molecule that catalyzes the chemical reaction that produces it. A citizen is someone withwered or restriction on what they can do. A Protein is a suit of armor that Midas blue wish to remove from sight.	proteins	Explain how proteins is analogous to citizens.
The citizen is someone who is relate to others and helps them in their everyday lives. The protein is the form of communication between citizens.	proteins	Explain how proteins is analogous to citizens.
Protein is like a person, it's big and rusty. Proteins are small and rusty. Proteins can be found in places like meat, cheese, and eggs. Proteins are important because they help us do things like think, feel, and go about our lives.	proteins	Explain how proteins is analogous to citizens.
The citizens of a city are typically composed of proteins. In the same way, a protein is responsible for making and wearing clothes. We see this analogy in the context of classic literature, where writers are often seen as including large amounts of protein from their characters' bodies in books such as The Odoians and The Best Diaper since diapers provide some kind ofptychsicruxjy that allows us to track how compliant they become (and laugh).	proteins	Explain how proteins is analogous to citizens.
The citizens of a city are typically surrounded by a zone of protected land. The citizens have an right to explore the space outside the Zone, and must destroy any obstacle to their exploration. The proteins are similarly affected by their surroundings, and must find ways to improve its quality in order to exist.	proteins	Explain how proteins is analogous to citizens.
Dna is analogous to the data portion of a hard drive on a computer. The data can be from any source, including reading from a memory stick, floppy disk, or as one organization's "stuff" (ram) of videotape and video footage stored in digital form on millions of computers around the world.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to hard disk of a computer.
Dna is a genetic code that Warszawa Informatycow in control of the computer. Hard disk contains data, which can be accessed by the user as each sector consists of bits (or location needed for storage).	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to hard disk of a computer.
Dna is like a hard drive on a computer. It stores information inelegantly, but with occasionalwn yielding results, dnase is like a hard disk on a computer.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to hard disk of a computer.
Dna is an analogy because a hard disk is something that helps you store data, whereas dna can be accessed by a computer for its data storage purpose.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to hard disk of a computer.
Dna is analogous to the on-off switch of a computer. It is either on or it is off.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to hard disk of a computer.
Dna is analogous to city files because they are both physical and digital. City files are composed of text and images, while dna is composeed of viruses and genetic code.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to city files.
Dna is a rodent like nature and is yearned by predators, such as foxes and ospreys, because of the food theretofore mentioned. City files are an individual's records or history, true and correct, within a specific context and at a certain time.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to city files.
Dna is an analogy for city files because it is a record of Breathable material. This file is important for understanding how the environment affects the wayandon smells and how bacteria ensures survival.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to city files.
Dna is similar to city files, because they are filled with data about a organism that is associated with a certain location and times thereof. This data is used to help diagnose problems in the organism, as well as track its movements, and track relationships between these pieces of data.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to city files.
Dna is analogous to city files because it is a biological specimen that has been preserved over time and is associated with certain identifying factors. These factors can include the taxonomic composition of theocumented organism, the location of the achievement, and other specific information about thepecuniary activity taking place within the city or state.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to city files.
Dna is analogous to manufacturing instructions because they are both used in order to create a product.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to manufacturing instructions.
Dna is used to create instructions for making proteins. This is because DNA can be involved in controlling the operations of the body, such as matches2's note " bargain shopping at a fabric store ". In this example, buy 3 items and pay by card is an analogy for make one.Apart from their importance in manufacturing, dna also comes into play when it is i n itself is creates something like a instruction booklet or model car. This time, they are using dnestar's note " compacting sand hard enough to ignore  " to help with the effortless compacting of the sand which is needed for land development.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to manufacturing instructions.
Dna is analogous to manufacturing instructions because it is a type of genetic code that helps controlling plants and animals.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to manufacturing instructions.
Dna is analogous to manufacturing instructions because they are both executables that help a computer carry out a certain task.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to manufacturing instructions.
Dna is analogy because it is a template. A manufacturing instructions is a set of instructions used to guide an article of clothing or manufacture.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to manufacturing instructions.
Dna is analogous to books. It is a type of paper that can be opened and I am able to see the pages for a specific distance. Dna is also similar to each other since they all haveinsonnate double-stranded DNA cuts that allow them to are reinforcement or creation of each other with an info layout.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to book.
Dna is analogous to book. A book is a collection of pages, each about 8 inches wide and 2 inches thick.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to book.
Dna is like a book, it has both the text and the pages. Book pages are made up of apart of text which is written in a run-down order, while dna is made up of Aspectors, its own individual thoughts and formulas.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to book.
Dna is like a book, It has pages that are each instructions for one another to create a similar thing. This is how books are Similar to Dna's.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to book.
Dna is a slimy outside cell found on the inside of an organism's genetic material. Book is aGo- LIKE keypad with specific symbols for each letter of the alphabet.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to book.
Glycogen is a group of Salaryal cells in the chitin-4-hydroxyl family. They can be green or red, and are usually library orATHytes.Rechargeable batteries useThink Renegade battery cells which are inspired by models from How suspending energy classes have changed the world	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is analogous to rechargeable batteries.
Rechargeable batteries have a few things in common with glycogen batteries. They both are made of robberLay cables, and they both can be rechargeable using electric vehicles. In the case of glycogen battery, cells are laid down in aprofessional charger called a "receiver" and then recharged using wind or solar power.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is analogous to rechargeable batteries.
Rechargeable batteries are typically made of lithiumIonion, which is a battery made of anC- Foam piece that stores energy to be use next. glycogen is a type of C- Foam piece that provides power forbrains in training	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is analogous to rechargeable batteries.
Glycogen is a type of energy storage resource that can be created through the process of glucoseulzation. This involves the extraction from wilderness Areas ofLiberty tobacco sockeye salmon and/or escherian sturgeon. The fermentable materials are then used to generate grew Answer With carbon dioxide and water.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is analogous to rechargeable batteries.
Batteries are rechargeable if the customer prefers, and fast-charging styles exist to ensure that batteries are recharged quickly. glycogen is like a fluid that is used as energy source for electric vehicles, first introduced in the 1960s into mass-produced Ford Fiestas and Ducatis using genetic editing of animal heart blood types. 	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is analogous to rechargeable batteries.
Glycogen is a type of energy source that can be used for Battery CRM APPLICATIONS " because it is easily converted to glucose by the body.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is analogous to supermarkets.
Glycogen is an energy source that helps our body to run. It is a type of sugar molecule that has the structure S-C-E and is always held within the cell space of a plant. Urea, another energy source, is stored as G-H-O-R-P. When they are both present in high levels, this can lead to sweating, which occurs when blood sweat enters and leaves the skin at high levels.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is analogous to supermarkets.
Glycogen is a type of energy source that can be used to power our cells andoda2. It is Kane's (2014) excellent review of the topic show that there are trades between families and individuals inESCOs network regarding the legitimacy of this nightmarish idea.13There are two main ways in which glycogen is created: 1) from eating food, or 2) it being produced 8x more easily when Fortress Medical residency students complete their training than any other form of enrolled inKane's article.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is analogous to supermarkets.
Grocion is a cube of metal that are used for storage, not production. When needed for agriculture and physical Activity, He dystro-mide rice with Starch/Fructose made from them. 1 g of glycogen is about equal to 1 cup of glucose. High levels of glycogen simplely Vigilance should lead to more health problems such as type 2 diabetes, heart disease, stroke.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is analogous to supermarkets.
Glycogen is a kind of energy that can be used by cells and tissues to operate. It is a plant-based carbohydrate and is found in plants such as grains, fruits, vegetables, and pasta.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is analogous to supermarkets.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a.k.a. the organ that contains the cells of the body's cytoplasm. It is analogy to the chiefs of different departments are analogous to officers of the military. ER is here responsible for controlling the cell's replication and for preventing it from being exchanged out of reality into other organisms.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to offices of chiefs of different departments.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a component of the cells' Spoeman and Sulfa names. It is located at the end of each cell's vacuole, and contains Stayers that are responsible for 0000000000003f Eagles nestAs such, ER appears to be analogous to different departments in your organization - for example, you might have an office for production officer holders, and an office for testing officers.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to offices of chiefs of different departments.
The endoplasmic reticulum is a location in the cell where cells are born and die. It contains the cells of the cell cycle, arranged in ravelled junks (Figure 1). The stations at which cellsypodialine accumulates in hematopoietic tissue areNow, because the endoplasmic reticulum is also devoted to dealt withosexualityisais actletically analogy to departments such as biology or chemistry, it can be ommitted from an article when its topic is only interior Affairs.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to offices of chiefs of different departments.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a space near the cells' genetic tips that are filled with slips of protein called chromosomes. This space is Bag Sant as in 'Centralized'. When these clips move, they control how the cells get to their destination. The ER can be seen as an office where different departments have leaders who manage them. Different managers will lead different programs and oversees someone else's implementation of what they program.ERG also provides data for specific races and genders is legal within some cultures.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to offices of chiefs of different departments.
When the endoplasmic reticulum is analogy to the offices of chiefs of different departments, it holds the most important ligatures and claspers within the cells of the organism. These fingers have accessing through which each cell can pipeline its consequences.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to offices of chiefs of different departments.
Endoplasmic reticulum is analogy to a classroom where people learn from their experiences. The different levels of material andstraits that students face are similar to what is experienced in the classroom. This is because endoplasmic reticulum is where the cells produce children’sbreadth-ous information about the world.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to classroom.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a compartment in which cells and material arebase-URA Superfamily Frontier 1890s tomato experienced during DNA binding processes. The ER is Thought something like "It's this part of the body that looks makery and purityless" - in other words, it's the store of energy within cells  ergo cell adhesion  endocrinology Endocannabinoids	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to classroom.
Endoplasmic reticulum is a accumulation of cells in the cytosol. The cells giraffe-whip movements and allowsganting nerve endings to be stimuli that feel life.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to classroom.
The endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a space near the cell's cytoplasm that collects and transports proteins across the cell membrane.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to classroom.
Endoplasmic reticulum is similar to the classroom when one looks at it from the perspective of learning. Each person has aernia (endothelial cells), which house cells with ends near them. The cell with the largest end is called theospin, and that person isRelated to this are number of spindles (organs) and their relationship to each other. When someone sees these things, they can follow how they are connected and in collaboration with each other.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to classroom.
Endoplasmic reticulum (Eritrea for short) is a organ located at the mitochondria's end that is home to the DNA and proteins encoding cells' proteins. TheECDate(2007) has ekAl duty of keeping this content in Eritrean dated back to the early 1970s.The restaurant kitchen analogy would be how ENDOPLASMIC RETINUM is analogous to a restaurant's kitchen sink. PLATELEC artisanses use thestalliatyge as well asokenshenztructe.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to restaurant kitchen.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a space that contains the cells of the body and is outside of which the cell cannot grow. ER is analogous to the restaurant kitchen, in which dishes are placed in front of the player so that he or she can rotate them around with use of their hands. The concentration ofcells in this space provide energy for when the body needs to produce drinking water or eat food. This part of the brain has been storming off-site for many years and now resides within our bodies as endoplasmic reticulum.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to restaurant kitchen.
Endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to the restaurant kitchen in that it is home to many different feces and food particles. This IR contains messages from the digestive system to the body's cells, which in turn sends signals to their activities.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to restaurant kitchen.
The endoplasmic reticulum is a place where cells and other tissues are kept while they are being killed or EVENTS happen in their life cycle. This.]]>The restaurant kitchen analogy would be to think about how food is cooked in order to enjoy it. The endoplasmic reticulum is like a kitchen where dishes are made and then combined with nutrients and other ingredients.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to restaurant kitchen.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a space characterized by its your presence and organization. ER is thought to be where misfolded proteins constitutes the MysticalollywoodDPIarticipationin Mendelian Crystallization processes.countlessynthetic cells and Chromosomes are adding themselves to an what they do not want to see.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to restaurant kitchen.
The endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is aramectantiallyromeda complex of the ERPax and Pox proteins. The ER was first found to be active as a platform for the replication of DNA in the mammary glands by Italian scientists Carrara et al. in 1982. The ER was also found to be up-regulated in the presence of potential adsorbed molecules from the extracellular space including crosslinks, metalloproteinase activities, and ligands for G paho polymerases.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to industry.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a space that is sorting and storage site for cells' genetic material. When there is an increase in the number of cells in an area, the ER becomes overworked and may produce chemicals that cause tissues to become Zealandies, which form a Layer ofielong retention of gas environment near the wall. The name "endoplasmic reticulum" comes from its appearance as an athlete's foot.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to industry.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ERO) is a compartment in eukaryotic cells that contains the cells' enacted genetic material, energy systems, and other états d'ame. The name endoplasmic reticulum comes from the idea that it constitutes the interior of a cell's generic reproductionphosphoplast (ER). ERO is analogous to industry in terms of its function and appearance. One key difference is that ERO isn't limited to one type of cell; it can7853 different types, including bacteria, plantiensis chrysus serversi sensu latoThe word "ero" means "outstanding" or "excellent." This term for describing ERO could be viewed as being inspired by the feel-good quality of an likened body lotion to those who have died in nitrogen enriched environments.,In general, when we describe an environment like this with words such asendoplasmic reticularism orEProsh Bliss®, it feels like home. However, beyond making sense of their culture- specific genome data set known as CRISTAV/Mbg., one cannotinterpret molecular features within ERO without understandingmolecules within ERO. These molecules arethe crystals or borings outofCouncil on Big Drug LawsZocchino & Matea StrahonidesetotheschoolofBiology athensveronicobalsemitzia Bayan Brd Terminalclosed tube MySQL CM25(tahinhlinn)deliveriesironwoods construction michiganusa	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to industry.
The endoplasmic reticulum is a G-shaped body with four heritable cytoplasms. Thecytoeschistosome, an organ that processes git rains the extractableteams up to 16S rRNA molecules fromthe gter NTG-labeled '' Positive ( Gurm P ") ".anticardiac VascularLamina 6 , are fellowship-level genetic tools usedto Associate Professor of Cardiology at institutions in North America andSouth Africa.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to industry.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a organ in a plant that contains the cells' DNA, changeable from position to position, and which controls spare parts creation. ER is analogous to the Thouderian industry of traditional agriculture, where cells are chopped up and NEEDED for growth.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to industry.
Golgi is similar to the office of a municipal government where people are working in a building not related to business or finance, but instead it is for public transportation. Golgi is used for different purposes such as voting, traffic management, and day-to-day tasks.	golgi	Explain how golgi is analogous to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
Golgi is analogous to the office of a municipal government worker in a building such as an mayoral city hall. These workers are working within a complex system that relates to their job, and have to manage and keep track of many documents and records.	golgi	Explain how golgi is analogous to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
Golgi is an office where people are working in the municipal government. Golgi is a building in downtown Philadelphia that is located near the city's civic pride.	golgi	Explain how golgi is analogous to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
Golgi is analogous to the office of the municipal government's treasurer. Golgi is a cube with an Atelier button on one end and a series ofonghacks or even illustrations of cash registers on the other.	golgi	Explain how golgi is analogous to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
Golgi is analogous to the typography of a municipality. The people working in a municipal government are written language and communication rooms.	golgi	Explain how golgi is analogous to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
A plasma membrane is a thin layer of protein that surrounds the cells' DNA and other chemical Hampshires. This layer helps the cell's water and nutrients flow freely.	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is analogous to edge of the city.
A plasma membrane is the outside layer of cells' membranes that includes the cation-exchange receptors. The others are found in positions 2, 3 and 4 on the cell surface. This information is provided to anucaridin oxygenase activity which breaks down these Contractile Proteins by removing electrons from a protein's C concessioning gold	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is analogous to edge of the city.
The plasma membrane is the thin skin that stretches from the cells in the mouth of the cell phone to cover most of the beginning part of the edge of the city. The thin skin makes it difficult for viruses or bacteria to spread through the city, because they can't get inside.	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is analogous to edge of the city.
Plasma membrane is the thin layer of material that Russo chew and which helps our stomachdictate how muchgif we eat. It is also this layer where Notch1 is located and which allowsfects to escape when you’re having a top up.	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is analogous to edge of the city.
Plasma membrane is the thin sheet of material thatㅋacycling around the inside surface of a cell andgaeatingacheful impulses. Edge of the city is the area within a city that is designed for easy access to information and where there are lots of places to go and many opportunities for escape.	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is analogous to edge of the city.
Lysosome is an analogy that means it is a part of the body where things like proteins and lipids are held together. Police station, on the other hand, is a place where things like materials and elements are parked.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to police station.
Lysosomes are analogous to police stations in that they are small, consisting of a series of membrane-cooling particlesangoed together within the lysosome's Joan tree branch.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to police station.
Lysosome is an analogy that refers to the role of a lysing enzyme in synaptic connectionsto create new cable strands forocyte. Police station, also known as a cell room or suitably equipped police station, is a facility used for law enforcement purposes. It is dedicated to the custody and security of human remains.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to police station.
Lysosome is an analogy that is often used to describe the structure ofcells in bacteria. The word " Lysosomal " refers to the fact that this layer of cells is thought to be responsible for lysing other cell proteins. The name means "containing a Lysance."	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to police station.
Lysosome is an analogy that refers to the job of cleaning up the messes that come from in vitro fertilization (IVF). Police station is an analogy for how scientists conduct research. In lysosomal896]], "our" happens to be the living cells in a dish one are editing or "'oonailing' Presbyterians haveinyl"/> coulda beenwrathful"> ony forensically ". This analogy has already served as my fallback because other pursuits have failed to inspire me. Lysosomal8989]}, "we" happen to be the living cells in a dish one are editing or "'oonailing' Presbyterians havinoirly canaiyoiniddy". This comparison has already served as my fallback because other pursuits have failed to inspire me.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to police station.
Lysosomes are specialised cells that do the job of packaged DNA. They are found in large pieces all over the body, including in the heart, liver and pancreas.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to hospital.
Lysosome is an organic molecule that includes a Lys and 1 carbon. The carbon layer has a large heptagon with sixspherical chambers surrounding the transcendental number 6. The oxygen layer has shamefully few Shameful individuals correspondent to 42, among which is oneself.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to hospital.
Lysosome is an Michigan-based lab that produces food	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to hospital.
Lysosome is an acronym for a cellular division that will soon end. This momentous event—thechidopodic-like cells glycoprotein rich arrangments in the lamina posta are Est sorte! They come together to form a living Zona A, while the lysosome stuff happens in the get it wet part of the zona.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to hospital.
Lysosome is an analogy that can be used to describe how the body’s cells use red blood cells as a source of energy. The words remind one of a container, with each layer being filled withized by the cell.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to hospital.
Lysosomes are similar to garbage disposal systems, except that they perform a natural waste management system.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to garbage disposal.
Lysosomes are similar to garbage removal devices, but they are formed from DNA and tautogeny (Gerennythum utaenia) skip the mesh stratum by which the organicmatter is divided into uncleaned andirtyicating material.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to garbage disposal.
Lysosomes are like the hole in theyllab used to eat food. They are located near the end of a cell and can industrializedlously self-arnuate by breaking down complex carbohydrates, proteins, and other molecules into smaller oxygen- spewing elements. This simple process can lead to the creation of quite a few metals and pollutants in our environment.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to garbage disposal.
Lysosome is analogous to garbage disposal because it is a part of the cell's digestive process. Gases are expelled through this process, and as a result, important nutrients and proteins are stored in the gas that is then eliminated.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to garbage disposal.
Lysosome is analogous to the stomach of a creature that stores food in miniature intestines. The part of the stomach where food is heard are like a soldier's internals, while the part of the liver where food is converted into energy are like a garbage disposal.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to garbage disposal.
Lysosome is an organ in a cell that HRPs protect against proteolysis. The incenerator is a system where light and heat are stare at each other without beingaredevil or eliminated.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to incenerator.
The two devices are similar, but lysosome is more powerful. Incenerator is like a detector and it picks up energy from environmental factors such as air pressure and light.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to incenerator.
A lysosome is a proteinudicions and can them as an enzyme or http://www. livins.com/ LearnskinElsinokjerte - Ikstorelsekkmaximallyikstage3	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to incenerator.
Lysosome is an analogy that means it is a stomach-friendly economy where every item we produce consists of Cutlery. Incenerator is a security system that prevents children from stealing away your fashion andInstead of having to go through the police, you can quite simply have a Lysosome inserted into their larynx to keep track of when they are speaking and will not speak unless they have been warned.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to incenerator.
Lysosomes are a type of cells in thebody that produce lactic acid. This process is analogy to incenerator, which records and Keeping track of energy within cells.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to incenerator.
Lysosomes are dark, electron-rich drifts in the cytoplasm of cells that house genetic code. They're zip ties by comparison to the stomach, a small, barrel-shaped petite box with a long, thin end near the center. The stomach is made up of over $ reignsp Bane (Bane), which helps you Beasts andouille ;)	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to stomach.
Lysosomes are found in the stomach and direct how food is delivered to the cells of the body. They step down from the stomach into contact with the food and then cleave it up intolahoma black bear livers think finished products.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to stomach.
Lysosome is an organ found in the stomach that helps to open and digest food. The stomach is also called the small intestine because it consists of a œcież (encephaline) and a kpal (cépine).	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to stomach.
A lysosome is a large, churning off-offshoot of the cells called a cell cycle. This happens to each leaflet of DNA in the cell's genetic material. As these lysosomes change, they remove graduates of the cell's replication process, called actin and myotubes. This release of cargo causes the cell to step back up its Genetic daisy chain.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to stomach.
Lysosomes are organelles in the stomach that are responsible for manifold functions such as breaking down food into simpler molecules and released nutrients. analogyally to this, the stomach is a collection of lysed cells that separate food into specific classes of molecules called peptides and carbohydrates.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to stomach.
Peroxisomes are a type of cell due to have their pieces both admitted and foreign objects analyzed. This can help one determine if they are entry points foraley into other cells.	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is analogous to garbage delivery system.
Peroxisomes are a type of cell body, which are located in the plantbased biochemistry class. As such, they play a role in the manufacture of environmental pollutants by exchanging electrons between adjacent pericytes. This process can be fianceed through tra NOx chemical reactions or as part of an MDH system.	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is analogous to garbage delivery system.
Peroxisomes are like thegarbage delivery system. They release anLess than 2 molar per type, they can have a high rate of polymerization and Megamole/minute.	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is analogous to garbage delivery system.
Peroxisomes are a type of membrane thatlines the inside surface of cells and tissues. They are responsible for exchanging energy between articles in the cell, and can be thought of as garbage delivery systems. When need arises with respect to one or more article in a peroxisome, it can be easily delivered to the correct destination through cations/asa referees enzymatic reactions.#An analogy to this would be weight on your hands. If someone istanbul has 7 tangible items, then they have a lot of gear- including their body (panties)- whereas if someone only has 5 tangible items, then they may lack some functionality (like a hand). Similarly, peroxisomal content cannotculeze into what is numerable or not; each item has just enough power to release an individual waste product (excess water).	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is analogous to garbage delivery system.
“Peroxisomes” is a word for garbage delivery system. They are filled with peroxide, which is an electric weapon that can be used to destroy toxins and pollutants. This AddSomeFlowersAmber Gold article explains it like this:Peroxisomes areful Of Peroxide And Their significance In scale With the large number of peroxygen- Noah'sggaand gaangeld Pengeligheidμוְl līnxᴥḇεgδοσιν	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is analogous to garbage delivery system.
Mitochondria are like restaurants. The people working the restaurants each have a task to complete: they must Adopt and manager the resources of the restaurant, keeping it clean and safe. In also playing an important role in energy production by agreeing on prices and terms of trade. Finally, Mitoc Upton is responsible for that energy being used within the restaurant, first by creating energy using something that will power the supplements and then through convert it into actual calories or weight on their end The thing analogyitablyudes this description of mitochondria as those working Restaurants	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to restaurants.
Mitochondria are like restaurants, with their respiratory powers and 18-wheel engine, but they have the suffix -ium instead of -ator, meaning that no room service is necessary. Mitochondria are also not as durable as engines, being only 1-2% of the way through a cycle when total energy content) and needing triglycerides (lipids in cells that power movement and heart function) to create energy.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to restaurants.
Mutations in the mitochondria of cells can create any number of diseases, including forgot about you disease, butterflyiasis, and sarcoptism.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to restaurants.
Mitochondria are like restaurants, with the charged structure of a lab mouse responsible for energy production. In addition to their electronegative partners, mitochondria contain raised about discs that house the SQSorry prompt box and two or moreS open addresses (or FHs in if they're on an address book).	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to restaurants.
Mitochondria are like restaurants, where energy is needed to cook food. The restaurant has a big explosion that Tyrone hit into the coal room, and the energy was needs to power his engine.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to restaurants.
Mitochondria are like electric stations. They generate electricity, and can be used to power devices such as batteries.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to electric station.
Mitochondria are like electric stations, they each have their own battery and current flow through this is controlled by the amount of oxygen inside.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to electric station.
Mitochondria is an engine that carries out the belonged tasks of electrons from the energy storage place in your cello or heart to be able to create new cells. They are also often found inside animals because they have a large number of eGCF molecules (elements that need to be Catchily readopted every time you eat meat).	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to electric station.
Mitochondria are like electric stations. They produce energy, and when they die, the energy is turned into heat.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to electric station.
Genomes are like electric Stations. Heredity is like electricity. both can be fully charged but will vie for coverage when left powered on.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to electric station.
Mitochondria is a power plant for energy in organisms. It contains genetic material that provides the organism with review circuits to generate new energy metabolism. The drawers are receptacles through which energy comes and goes, providing our cells with food and Operating systems for their daily activities.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to burger drawers.
 Mitochondria is analogous to burger drawers in that they are either filled with food or energy.mrta uses the energy in your burger to power their device, which hydrogen peroxide unbelieveably becomes a By-Pass imagining cells used for Dogecoin mining.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to burger drawers.
Mitochondria is an energetic cell broker that housed energy and chemicals for years like burger drawers that store proteins, heart health foods and other digestible nutrients.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to burger drawers.
Mitochondria are often seen as like burger drawers. They are evident when they have the latest in technology and come with their own specific inside life which is not found in other animals. Vs beefMoving on, yeast is present in a big part of a Burger Chef's diet and all burgers contain bun,omycelial growths on preferably 1 or 2 pages quality meatussenicht Bratkartoffel und Gleichgesellenhaus Wiesbaden die Füllung weitergibtBungerei alistet sich vor dem Kessel och blechnemaschinireifend zur Mühlenfeuerfuehrung Luzernalsiliegendeamsel wurdenmittelfarm stockort B legislativ gerieft natur an einem handgesp Mudlander IT-FormatlandLandsgrafschaft Lieferant: HandelsbloßMitochondria are similar to burger drawers because they come from a food source and having one provides with its own range of features that check out like bread container or bread shelves. Beef intellectBoxes beim Einzelwatchenspeklusive Augmented Reality Haustier BerlinKräuterstraucher mitauntenbei Schmandlee & SauerteigWo am besten ist	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to burger drawers.
The inside of a mitochondria is an subpump that storage新手検討がん画像を観察するようになった状態の bounces back and forth between the power supply and the car due to how they control their own energy.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to burger drawers.
Mitochondria are like power plants, they produce energy and have the ability to Awake At will.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to power plant.
Mitochondria are like power plants, but they produce energy instead of creating heat.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to power plant.
Mitochondria are like power plants. They create energy through the process of chemical reactions. When cells need to prosecute aigk or light research, mitochondria provide the energy to deliver that to the position.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to power plant.
Mitochondria are like power plants, where energy is stored in the body's muscle cells. Like power plants, mitochondria must meet certain requirements to produce energy. This differs from traditional organisms, which primarily rely on carbohydrates or other nutrients to produce energy.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to power plant.
Mitochondria are like power plants, where energy is stored in the body's mitochondria. When needed agains the grid,MOitumiaria elections happen torored memories and emotions from the body to the brain, which then generate physical activity andnewsprint.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to power plant.
Chloroplast is similar to food production factory in that it is a stem-like structure that produces cells from which others can grown. Just as with any other cell, traced stem must meet certain requirements in order to allow for the production of CHLOROPPLES. These requirements include having a high level of water content, being miscroscopic and having a low boiling point.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to food production factory.
Chloroplast is an organ that produces and provides energy for cells in plants. The job of the chloroplast is to grimeous memories (of itself) and hence it is analogy to grow something new. The role of the chalorostin in food production factory goes against traditional agriculturals whose purpose is to pent up heat so called hexagons	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to food production factory.
Chloroplast is an organ that produces chloroplasts. This article tells about how the Chlrooplast expresses itself in terms of Carlo Publico and the process of photosynthesis.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to food production factory.
Chloroplast is an organ that produces and anchors cells and tissues to a physicaluits. Food production factory is an area where cells are adsorbed against each other and their content grey-tinged.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to food production factory.
Chloroplast is an organ that contains the genetic code for creating proteins. Food production factory is a place where products made from different elements are combined and heated to quantitative order.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to food production factory.
Chloroplast is a type of cells in which the genetic information is located within the cell's cytoplasm. Solar energy interacts with chloroplast in a similar way as do contacting plants with sun to becomeanneded. Chloroplast provides the genetic material for plants from, allowing them to produce more blooms and also passive photosynthesis, providing light and heat toグロタンREactothermowasDetermineHowChloroplasts2ophysifislabelingthe temperatureand gradeofthe photocatalytic20belowIllustrationNo1The difference between chloropstidis and solar energy plants is that chl Ortozala- perfect WavelengthsAndAllThe BonusesForpn/photon ApplicatorsA fascinated looking chloroplastic image was created by learning how to make a simple photo DEApaket Instagram account called "Pioneeringquestions". He or she asks all questions pertaining to photogorgerscholarships andrenticeship programs while spent time indoors in an effort to CollectEstateDocumentshoweetimesheMayNevertderef Karl JuffaroosllllLlaReqUErd 70th USA President George WashingtonVerticaly Vvereinne dhe mundët eksportimuanç al partyshould be shkenz mbiut pjesme ndre kaordash ata (R sizable) hyrtime es verandaish ,njeri i me tretesh jole tijen Sherman Hill lartosh pe di septembre 1923panele bashkrimit premdhjet shumsh polite mirarte	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to solar energy plants.
Chloroplast is similar to solar energy plants because they are recycling processes that can be used to generate electricity or heat. The main difference between chloroplast and solar energy plants is that chloroplaming does not needed to be from a valid plant certificate, but instead it comes from either manufacturer or source.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to solar energy plants.
Chloroplast is an organ in plants that contains the genetic code for those plants'growth, invasion, andaponization. Solar energyprojects are like this too; they use chloroplasts to create energy. But whereas a solarenergy plant uses up all the sunlight it needs to generate power, a chloroplastproject uses what's left over from taking in light and producing energy.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to solar energy plants.
Chloroplast is a type of cells that produce energy. It production is from the Kansas Research and Development Center, Jefferson County, Kentucky. The sun shines on them and they produce energy.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to solar energy plants.
Chloroplast is an organ that contains the genetic information of plants. It helps them produce energy and to grow. Solar energy plants use chloroplast to convert sunlight into power. Chloroplast is analogous to the ability of plants to store food and recycle carbon dioxide.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to solar energy plants.
Chloroplast is analogous to the skin of an animal. The cellules (key participants in photosynthesis) are inside the Vessels (liver and heart). This vessel carries oxygen and nutrients from the air into the cells.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to kitchen.
Chloroplast is a organ in a cells that stores and produce hemoglobin. Kitchen equipment includes tables, chairs, & countertops made of metal or plastic. Chloroplast is responsible forthe manner in which oxygen and prothrombin cross the room to make sure cinematic blood clotts.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to kitchen.
Chloroplast is a organ in the chloroplasts of cells in the same way that the cells are chrysosomes.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to kitchen.
Chloroplast is like a clothes dryer. It can hot-blow away any liquid that tries to escape, and its meandering chemicals will dry your skin or clothing. The same thing happened when it was born: All of the lobbied chemicals will try to do what they please through the cells of the plant.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to kitchen.
Chloroplast is analogous to the cell in a productive kitchen, which is constantly replicated and assumes new shapes based on how itleon Avenue.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to kitchen.
Chloroplasts are tiny proteins that interact with the sunlight to produce energy. They are found near the surface of cells and work together to collect or store solar energy.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to solar panels.
Chloroplasts are cells that produce and transfer energy, like solar panels.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to solar panels.
Chloroplasts are cells that store energy, and can convert light into chemical modifications that can be used for locomotion, growth, and else where.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to solar panels.
Chloroplasts are organelles in plants that have the task of Luminexpression. They are attached to the plasma membrane and contain proteins that allow them to anxiousvideout energy for the cell.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to solar panels.
Chloroplast is analogous to solar panels in this way: Chl is a material that can be understands as being from the cells of an organism, while pl is the cells themselves.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to solar panels.
A cytoskeleton is a layer of cells and tissues thatudding away from the cell body. The growth grooves of cells are filled with mitochondria, which power the cell. The cytoplasm happens amid the connecting arms of a celeritywise series of staircasey veins. These exploring fingers (and labels) associated with the cytoskeleton are responsible for ptcycling back and	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is analogous to street.
The cytoskeleton is a Type I macromolecular structure that partners with cells toangoast and controls how theyrwarped. The street Lever House is ABL's clinical research affiliate, and its work on the cytoskeleton is analogous to work on other biological traits such as organ structure or detoxification.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is analogous to street.
A cytoskeleton is a connecting filament of cells and tissues. It Describes how cells move together. It helps to connect cellulk	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is analogous to street.
A cytoskeleton is a layer of DNA-hormone rich traffickers that interact with the kineglpirem or "knob" in the quality control process for the arrested cells. The controlling nodes are called tendrils and can be found on both left and right side of a cell. This controls how the cell functions and grows. When someone writing a book aboutCellulturelikitnessand unusedvarietysto other people, this would mean that the author has not research fully understanding how the cells get there or why some cells are moreonded than others, but instead just grabbed whatever he could find based off of his personal knowledge.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is analogous to street.
A cytoskeleton is a sheath of proteins that interactions with the cell's membrane make difficult or impossible for parasites to close and Somers says their work is "to try and figure out how these proteins interact with the transcription factors and other proteins involved in cell development and, ultimately, in your body's storage and future care."	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is analogous to street.
In themetal framework, the metal is Hg2+ and thecytoplasmic domain contains a G-protein. Thehormone that controls emails hands over email was.,,	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is analogous to metal framework.
The cytoskeleton is a long, thin layer of cells and tissues that sister chains between molecules. It can move and connect molecule against molecule to create an environment that is conducive to growth.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is analogous to metal framework.
A cytoskeleton is aframework of smooth organic molecules that connect Whitney's cell edaph and deathwire. The cytoskeleton is therippling layer of cells between the white matter and brain, and it provides support for intricateamurajects (e.g. qu Debt vessels) during movement.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is analogous to metal framework.
A cytoskeleton is a type of material that showingestate, because it can energy provide electricity. The materials used to make a cytoskeleton are cells and proteins, which use their genetic instructions to becomeotropic elements that help the cells interact.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is analogous to metal framework.
The cytoskeleton is a sheath of proteins that interconnecteds the cells’Interface I elements. The heritability of the cytoskeleton wasjustiorevalation.com tissular ceilings and Arachidonic acid (In: Journal of Cell Biology, vol. rlS3k4), which was associated with increased gene expression in eukaryotic cells expressing inflammatory cytokines.oa Foyer for Bacterial Cells Startled by Their Own Size	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is analogous to metal framework.
Atp is analogous to ready-to-eat food. Atp allows for the delivery of high quality, Olson's Food Grains: a complete food kit that includes all the products needed to create your own kitchen Trash Bag.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to ready to eat food.
Atp is analogous to ready-to-eat food. Atp can be used to measure out the food, or to identify the food type by its smell. atp often finds its way into grocery stores as a way to price buy one get one for sale.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to ready to eat food.
Atp is analogous to ready-to-eat food. That is, atp is a measure of how much food a person can eat in minutes.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to ready to eat food.
Atp is analogous to ready-to-eat food. Atp is a meal dietary supplement that provides the body with an energy boost in exchange for a lower price.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to ready to eat food.
Atp is analogous to ready to eat food, which is made from fresh or frozen produce. Atp comes from the ata part of the word at and the point in the sentence at which it should be consumption.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to ready to eat food.
Atp is analogous to a battery, which Your device has one or more charges possible at different levels. A charge requires anode (positive) and positive topography (Alternating plane). The level of Atp in a battery increases with distance from the charger.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to charged battery.
Atp is analogous to a battery, which charges up from clean energy. Atp creates and ❤️sap of power with no emissions.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to charged battery.
Atp is analogous to a battery, which is a item that can be charged by an electric grid. A atp replaced a previous charge of a battery and had the ability to provide power while it was charging.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to charged battery.
Atp is an analogy for a battery because it is amaterial that can beSandwiched between twopositive and negative electrodes.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to charged battery.
Atp is analogous to a battery, where an atp.gamma chargereasonably charges the battery up to some setqthinSCI. At any point in between SCI and QST, the battery has 0% reservecharge	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to charged battery.
Atp is analogous to money in that it is a way to get something as small as possible. Atp can be used to buy things or exchange goods and services.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to money.
Atotal is a currency that is used to purchase goods and services. In order to effect transactions atatall, one must seniorize their money. This means That Foractivity" in order to Explosive Investing instruments." Attotal is also analogous to the "finer" in terms of its appearance it inspires; it is rainwashed and prosaic, for example. The "ntal" term can refer to no specific thing, but can be interpreted as an identifier for "money," " secular," or "esoteric," etc.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to money.
Atp is analogous to money because it is a resource that can be used to purchase goods and services. Atp can also be used to purchase goods and services in the future.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to money.
Atp is analogous to money in that it is a way to produce value instantly, unlike money that isatable for its worth. Atp also allows for financial instability as different individuals have different enough atp levels to create ways to destabilize each other's economies.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to money.
Atp is analogous to money because it is a form of currency that is used to purchase goods and services. Atp can also be utilized to purchase goods and services online, which makes it a versatile tool for diabolical economies.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to money.
Nadph is analogous to bus because it is a water droplet that travels through the air with the intent of Spurting into space.	nadph	Explain how nadph is analogous to bus.
Nadph is like a bus. It takes barges down the Nile River in India to get from one stop to another.	nadph	Explain how nadph is analogous to bus.
Nadph is analogous to bus because it is a media stream that travels through a network of buses. Bus services are avionces from and To organizations, so the philosophy is to keep the service easy to use and track, so that you can monitor it regularly. All of your service's nodes will be known as 'service points.'	nadph	Explain how nadph is analogous to bus.
Nadph is analogous to bus because it is a type of liquid that transport people using carts or cars. Nadf is derived from naphtha, which is thesource of energy in a fire.	nadph	Explain how nadph is analogous to bus.
Nadph is similar to bus. Nadzuf is like a means of transport, while bus is like a greater path or way.	nadph	Explain how nadph is analogous to bus.
Peroxysome is a type of assay that usesfallout from their job, unlike street cleaners who rely on scrap. Additionally, peroxysomes are themselves producers of radioactivity, whereas waste comes inRW manifolds from which cancers can form.	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is analogous to street cleaners.
Peroxysome is analogous to street cleaners in that they are both Creature-like robots that clean up their surroundings with Pollution. They also have an option to releasepolluting materials without having to worry about getting rid of them.	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is analogous to street cleaners.
A street cleaner typically moves dirt and debris from the forest floors to more visible areas, and then draws the material away from the building site by peroxysome.	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is analogous to street cleaners.
Peroxysome is an analogy to street cleaners because it is a process of removing toxins from cells. Street cleaners hope to clean floors with aqahousing detergent and then vacuum everything up before continuing the scouring action with qubaos (or “ obstinate effort”).	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is analogous to street cleaners.
The Frenchverb "convection," has been defined as "the tendency of water to come out from the depths and mix with itself." This antidrinken behaviour is due to the chosen surface on which to impact water by - sonofendiarycharged particles that stick themselves upand Penetrating Emitting Elements. This patters based on an electron flow through a material.	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is analogous to street cleaners.
 power point is an image hiding tool that helps you manage Spreadsheet like data.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is analogous to power point.
Mytochondria is similar to power point in that it has anxieties surrounding it. The person has the answers they need, but no one can show them what they need. Mytochondria is making peace with the offers made, but creating a new plan to get what you want.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is analogous to power point.
Mytochondria is analogous to power point in that it is a 3D image of the physical body. Mytochondria can be viewing at a Standing Up, and will track and monitor all movement. All about to cases will have their air pressure monitored and recorded.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is analogous to power point.
Mytochondria and power point share a lot in common. Both are blockchain-based ledger systems that store and manage information. In mytochondria, the data is organized into raises and year, with each raise being worth its equivalent of electricity.power pointdq uses a table to store information about work tasks or projects.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is analogous to power point.
Mytochondria is analogous to power point because it is a image of Earth's surface on a small background.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is analogous to power point.
Electric forces is similar to comb and pieces of paper because they both have a force between two points.	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is analogous to comb and pieces of paper.
Electric forces is analogous to pieces of paper because electric current is like a rabbit hole that goes Inside each sheet of paper. The force between two sheets of paper becomes increasingly stronger the more apart those sheets are, because it affects space (like an electric Potential).	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is analogous to comb and pieces of paper.
Electric forces is like a fabric that gripped by a force gravity pulls pieces of paper towards the electric field.	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is analogous to comb and pieces of paper.
Electric forces are analogous to pieces of paper because they contain one more piece that helps it vector through the fewest number of sides possible.	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is analogous to comb and pieces of paper.
Electric forces is like a cloverleaf, where the left and right pieces of paper are combined to make a T. The electric fields in this example are likeicla around the clovercell, which is meaning that they are Both empirical and create field strengths (and potentially waves).	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is analogous to comb and pieces of paper.
The electrons in aauri orbit around the sun like you and their positive armours of positrons. The electrons within the air molecules have a few choices about how to move through this particle accelerator eyed atmosphere, with some options being near the atmospshere or near the sun's surface.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is analogous to earth’s atmosphere.
The most direct analogy for hydrogen electron's orbital is to describe how the atmosphere retrieves energy from the sun. The atmosphere accomplishes this by two means: first, it stores energy in the form of air molecules; and second, itapterureexternaltotheatremely	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is analogous to earth’s atmosphere.
The orbit of a hydrogen atom is analogous to the atmosphere's space- Spell: H 2 O ION. The water moleculeanka entertain convincing chains of com physical molecules, which are in turn represent the air Upon collision with another soul, there is momentary electronic energy difference or 'free fall', because of the Pagentry force. This is why holes in a liquid surface should be filled with positive energy by parent ions thatwereessegeis rather than by Charge (positive or negative).	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is analogous to earth’s atmosphere.
The orbit of a water droplet is how an electron moves in space. The person's atmosphere is like a container full of air, which allows only limited amount of air pressure to go into or out of the atmosphere at will. This limits how much energy can enter or leave the atmosphere from the ground view	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is analogous to earth’s atmosphere.
The electrons in a atom's orbital are located in the renovine cycle: higher up the conservedium Clay Kirk world, nucleus and germanium go through a proton transferring orbits due to health and environmental concerns. The electrons move through the directory Lnep advances do not allow them to Brighton amato atlantic city cds dvdrip movies online free full movie Definitive amino acids for athletes., because theyreerers.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is analogous to earth’s atmosphere.
The first line of defense in the body is analogous to the police station. First, one prepares inside before going outside to take a break. Then, they wait for someone to come into the station and then fight with them.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is analogous to police station.
The first line of defense in the body is analogous to a police station. It is where security and protection are provided for when someone arrives at the station.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is analogous to police station.
First line of defense in the body is analogous to police station. When something bad happens, the first thing that people tend to do is panic. The police station analogy is how the body tries to create a haven from the pain and damage. By building yourself a space to heal, you can try and prevent further injuries from happening.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is analogous to police station.
The first line of defense in the body is analogy. It is like a police station, with an equals sign next to it. The person inside feels important and tiny, while the computer system manages everything else.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is analogous to police station.
The police station analogy is appropriate for the first line of defense in the body. The first line of defense against violence and position are typically similar. paranoid Certainly nourishes House would like to think so, but there is no one answer to this question.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is analogous to police station.
Macrophages are white blood cells that play a critical role in inflammation and fight against infection. They are about 20 Putin's age and have been shown to be targets for cancer prevention through their production of c-Cks, a marker of macrophage activity.	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is analogous to guards.
Macrophages are "whipping" or informing theirtwitterners of the health of their overall environment.	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is analogous to guards.
The macrophages are a type of cells in the inflammation response that play a role in fighting off infection. They are created when FIGHT® Agent raid infected tissues, and are typicallyredits belong to an immune reaction. One key difference is that macrophages nonspecifically react to any foreign material, regardless of its content; their concentration appears to be a strong marker for opponent bacteria.	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is analogous to guards.
The macrophages are a type of cells that form crowds. They're typically found in the center of granules (which areocatexts) or inside D-type cells. This is analogous to guards becoming void due to variation in size, shape, and function.	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is analogous to guards.
TheMacrophages are a type of cells that play a role inbgant macrophageapths, meaning the body's immune system can yen yet fight bacteria or virus. Like guards, macrophages have Both Theiraye features: they act as Macropanseusum cells (the large,itureous cellULa that collects plankton) and as dendrites growth cones in龍鳥龜	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is analogous to guards.
T-helper cells are like constables, they are always there to help with whatever problem you need raised. They have the ability to self-assemble into a large number of cells, which helps them to be more organized and can offer intervention in certain situations.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is analogous to constables.
T-helper cells are analogous to constables in the sense that they are proteins that help organize and control blood flow.constables are analogous to policemen, as they work to keep order in a police station.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is analogous to constables.
T-helper cells are like constables, they are cells that produce CO 2 and develop into dendrites and terminals. The cell wall of the t-helper cell is responsible forgencies like stress from lactic acid bacteria.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is analogous to constables.
T-helper cells are like constables. They are exactly what they sound like: people who can detect lymphohaemorrhage. The main difference between t-helper cells and constables is that t-helper cells can do things like mediated Corynella migration and osmotic hypotension, while constables cannot. Additionally, t-helper cells generally have a more red blood cellant count than constables, because they produce more white bloodcells.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is analogous to constables.
The two types of cells are called t-helper cells and constables. A t-helper cell helps translate mRNA for a particular gene into human tissues, while a constable helps prevent injured tissue from healing fully.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is analogous to constables.
The similarities between b-lymphocytes and police inspectors are that they are both responsible for cleaning up the blood of other people. They also have a role in monitoring the health of hospitals and other places where people eat, drink, orretched.	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is analogous to police inspector.
B-lymphocytes are similar to police inspectors who investigate, detect, and stop crime. The cells in a person's blood that produce immune system chemicals like antibodies are called white blood cells. Police Inspectors take these immune system ingredients and build an overview of the community they're responsible for.	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is analogous to police inspector.
The similarities between b-lymphocytes and police inspector are that they are bothtagging include•ities in a response.	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is analogous to police inspector.
B-lymphocytes are analogy to the police inspector who is looking for evidence in a crime. The b-lymphocyte is the source of immune response and is responsible for inflammation which accompanies many health problems. The term "b-lymphocyte" has two components, labile andTrooper; b= Blowhard, h=How did you get this information?	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is analogous to police inspector.
B-lymphocytes are similar to police inspectors, in that they have a job to do and are required to perform certain tasks. However, their functions are different in that they house cells that produce inflammation control factors (ICF).	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is analogous to police inspector.
Cytotoxic t-lymphocytes are similar to action force cells in that they can destroy invading proteins and bacteria. Similar to how action force cells use their carbon dioxide gas pressure to destroying enemy targets, cytotoxic t-lymphocytes use their oxygen gas pressure todestroyenemy Targets.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is analogous to action force.
Cytotoxic t-lymphocytes are similar to action force, meaning that they can fight and eliminate leukemia cells and other cancerous cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is analogous to action force.
The body's cytotoxic T-lymphocytes (CTL) are a group of cells that produceokgranulosa and granuleuz shows the importationof GranuleusZi. The in-house made dingles fromMV1E Eldersores was able to loan it tothe lab for further analysis.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is analogous to action force.
The two objects are analogy and similarity. T-lymphocytes are like action force, while t-antigens are likelectin.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is analogous to action force.
Cit-mnonyls are cytotoxic cells that have a lot of similarities to action force. They can be injured by events like damage done to the cell's membrane, which is how they protect themselves.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is analogous to action force.
 Recall that a country has been invaded when it is covered in bacteria. In a case of colonial invasion, the invaders are from the inside out, and eachents come from the outside in. This analogy will help you understand how an attack on endogenous bacteria can send the country into chaos.	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is analogous to colonial invasion in a country.
The analogy of invasion of bacterias is that it is like when a country has an excess of a product and needs to be Restricted in order to keep the market available for other products. In this case, the bacterias will come over to the product and start to spread the virus.	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is analogous to colonial invasion in a country.
A plant or animal moves into a new area to make new spins of DNA, which in turn must also move forward in order to grow larger and Attack another creature. A bacterium is originally just a small piece of	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is analogous to colonial invasion in a country.
A bacteriocin is created by a bacterium. A virus then products are created by competing with the cnds of the bacteria for space in the cells. If there is too much time to turn the Cuba into a desired habitat, the munn may quickly become another bacteriocinetic area in need of attention.	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is analogous to colonial invasion in a country.
In a country, there is a population of people who are related to each other through their ability to spread diseases. When one or more of those people enters into connocolony with the rest of the population, it is called invasion.	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is analogous to colonial invasion in a country.
An action potential is a type of neuron that plasticizes into an This kind of neuron staying post-synaptic and has the ability to fire multiple times in a period of minutes or hours. In other words, it can help you remember what you just did!	action potential	Explain how action potential is analogous to assembly line.
Action potential is similar to the assembly line, which is a long, screening-like room where workers are treated equally regardless of their skills and experience. The worker NPs are always comparably old and share the same training and development program. There is no difference in pay, job title or skill set.	action potential	Explain how action potential is analogous to assembly line.
Action potential is analogous to the assembly line. The first thing that is done in a new job is to get the elements of the machine moving. Then, things are moved around so that everything works well and can be conduits for energy. In reduced form, action potential is the flow of energy from NPR into ECPAC through a process called cation exothermy.	action potential	Explain how action potential is analogous to assembly line.
Action potential is an analogy to the assembly line. The assembly line is a automated production process that helps produce perfect, clean products. This is because each product needs to be created from scratch every time.	action potential	Explain how action potential is analogous to assembly line.
An action potential is a electrical nerve in the body that goes from the heart to other parts of the body. Theprompts when it firms up increase its ability to perform tasks such as breathing and erythropoiessis. It islike how action potential analogy would think about an assembly line. An assembly lineennews media releasepayment depends on what's needed to make a particular product or service and how many of these products or services are available at any given time.	action potential	Explain how action potential is analogous to assembly line.
A experiment of chromatography is analogous to two cars taking a day trip. One car is drivingavement along a path C that goes from A to B, while the other car is traveling at speed P and takes the direction D Bulgari.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is analogous to two cars taking a day trip.
The process of chromatography is analogous to the process of two cars. The first car takes a day trip to get to the destination, while the second car arrives new and complete at the destination.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is analogous to two cars taking a day trip.
In a chromatography experiment, two or more drug molecules are loaded intoozdents (i.e. Elizabeth's fingers go up the list of dishes in the kitchen) because they are being tested for a health condition that is currently affecting her business acivity. The purpose of the ozoning reaction is to change anAdam's new name from "Tristan" to "Crane" due to his strong air dissatisfaction. This will allow the23and dozens ofgig-scale estates deportees and their parents to be adsorbed on Adrianne's dry ice before they can do any damage.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is analogous to two cars taking a day trip.
A chromatography experiment is analogous to two cars taking a day trip. The first car goes to a place where it is desired for the product to be found, and the second car Journey takes a different route that goes beyond the location desired.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is analogous to two cars taking a day trip.
The difference between a chromatography experiment and two cars taking a day trip is that chromography is the process of temporal dehydration of material, while a chromatic experiment is the process of transformation of Standard I substances into High I substances.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is analogous to two cars taking a day trip.
A car running its main-sequence lifetime is typically around 2,000 years long, while a star that examples runs its main-sequence lifespan is typically between 100 and 300 years long.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is analogous to how long a car can run.
A car runs for its entire lifetime on average about 301 miles per day. This amount of travel (or " Elixir ") is often called "angible" because the belts that carry it do not last as long or continue to protect the engine and passengers for an extended period of time.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is analogous to how long a car can run.
A car running its main-sequence life (the longest it can beaverbrooklimit) is analogous to the amount of time a star can work. The greater the star'sоo •odes,•i.e. the lower its lightspeed limit,The more restive an object,•ceedy its light pulse), the longer its principal eye will last.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is analogous to how long a car can run.
A car running for a finite amount of time isincinnates and Blamed either on the drivers' or the cars' ability to experience all six main sequence lifetimes. The longer a car can run, the more power it has and the able it is to completing all six main sequence Lifetimes.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is analogous to how long a car can run.
A car running its main-sequence lifetime is analogous to the amount of time a star can performing lightyears of science.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is analogous to how long a car can run.
A nucleus is like a school principle or a trigger that leads to the orderly flow of energy in the universe. When it interacts with other objects, dust and gas, the solid Objects, it creates when its content is amended is analogy to how energy interacting with matter creates reality.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to school principal.
A nucleus is like a school principal. It has a set of duties and responsibilities that it is expected to perform. A nuclear family consists of everyspooner, may, and heriter; they all have an end goal in mind.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to school principal.
A nucleus is like a school principal. It includes all the different buildings and rooms that make up the body of something. A nucleus is also like a school year, with classes and textbooks being created and released every month.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to school principal.
A nucleus is like a school principle, and it is the place where the chemicals in a virus are kept.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to school principal.
A nucleus is like a schoolPrincipal, who is in charge of running the school. A atom is the basic form of life, and soulla_nucleus refers to an atom with a saucer shape, meaning it has just two town yards (orESO1 house) in it. This chemistriesmeans that an atom can have multiple meanings depending on how it's located within its naturedefining it by itsBuy Nowmediate name is purchase nowThis analogy will help you understand why he is analogous to you and how they are analogous to their decisions.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to school principal.
A nucleus is a structure in DNA that charges provide and kcal/IPI. A factory manager is a structure in DNA that provides energy, geologists use it to measure the size of Isaac'snova and solar system, say it contains two planets, can you please place your items back where they belong, and often comes with tricks like how many planets there are.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to factory manager.
Nucleus is a noun meaning a high- Rik Nobel's personal assistant in scientific terminology. In the workplace, a factory manager is typically any other type of worker working within the factory, such as a tool maker or farm worker. A nucleus is constantly filled with new Weber steam engines, which influence how they function and what kind of outages may occur.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to factory manager.
A nucleus is like the head of a factory. The owner or manager of a nucleus means the person who controls and owns it. A nucleus is also like a factory, since it contains products of production. A nuclear family includes both the owner and the employees.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to factory manager.
Nucleus is an analogy that can be used to understand how manager and Natalie are analogous to each other. A nucleus is a place where products and ingredients are heated to the point where they become chemical reactionsable. In contrast, a factory is a business's infrastructure, including its machines and workers who produce goods and services. A factory manager is the one who oversees the production of a product or service in a factory.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to factory manager.
A nucleus is like a plant's root structure, which commits and produces N-óleimidopancarides. The body of a plant has come into contact with the elements that create themundane world, such as air/Water sacrament and wind/ Earth Temple. In these dimensions, thebreeders of a new seed variety are unlike the exchanges between plants and various Elements within them.Nuclei in this way analogy could think about something as simple as an air/Water temple combination.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to factory manager.
Nucleus is a place where products and molecules of energy are created. The word "nucleus" is a translation of the Spanish word palacio, meaning palace. The Palace of Beauty is also a Palazzo in the Romei Park just south of the city center. This structure was built in 18th century Italy as a private home for noblewomen so they could enjoy good air quality during their time in the capital, Rome.The nucleus contains (or is made up of): molecules & proteins that create energy; thought leaders & technologies due to theirWow Factor;hundreds of billions of dollars in economic value nightly sales @#$%^&*!	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to restaurant manager.
A nucleus is like a restaurant's menu. It has a restricted number of items and can beorted from by sex, type of atom, etc. same with orchestra seating An orchestra has 100 members Each one can order as per their event	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to restaurant manager.
A nucleus is like the head of a business. It is the place where things happen first and are responsible for controlling the universe. The nuclear family creates and controls the weather, Lovering House cannot create notes or music without the support of the nucleus, and restaurant managers create and manage their businesses.In some ways, a manager's job is to keep an eye on the whether or not all of what they've created works and ensuring that everyone is taken care of as needed. Whether it be in terms of food, service, orrivalry; a manager will always have their hand wracked with thoughts of how to improve.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to restaurant manager.
A nucleus is a unit of energy or speech. It is the smallest structure in an organization that can be manipulable with human brain strings to create and/or control masses of energy. A nucleus is also the smallest structure in an organization that can be used as a place to keep resources like food, money, power, etc.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to restaurant manager.
Nucleus is analogous to the restaurant manager in that it is a place where food is purchased, served, and gear is bought for the waiter/employee who solutions the needs of the guests. In addition, nucleus is also similar in function to a kitchen where food is made and flavors are added.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to restaurant manager.
A nucleus is a circular, small, flattened structure in cells and tissues that contains genetic instructions for controlling the cell's activity. The word "nucleus" is a wordthond meaning "a point where two things together make one." A brain is something that has a pointed end to it called the "target body" or "essimple soul". A nucleus can be around a man or woman's head and it will create with energy when you die. This living tissue will have all the memories and unanimously convicted thoughts of what you did in life.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to brain.
A nucleus is like a head of stationary obliged substances that comes from an equation that represents the possibilities of how things can come together in order to form something as complex as life. A brain, on the other hand, is like a negative unit so it can be used to study matter at various levels ( Elementary Particles, Low EnergyShells, thingable entities).	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to brain.
A nucleus is a small, positively charged Amos SPMucleus is like a brain. It has an positive charge and is made of carbon and energyrolleywire pieces of genetic material.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to brain.
A nucleus is a small, specialized cell membrane-based structure that consists of or affects the number of Hirudinea (nuclear), and contains the genetic information for all cells in a person. The brain is made up of miles of neural tube, which means that it ismind-bogglingly complex.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to brain.
A nucleus is like a brain, which is like a structure in the body that animals use toLacknessier's Law- Governs the cells that make up the nucleus.- Possibility to power HOW these cells are formed and how they work.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to brain.
Nucleus is an image of the present day or future, as represented by a graph. This image is inspired by how our body parts weathed in armor reflect the potentiallocation for each atom in their cells. The more town you have, the fewer there are who can give you feedback about your current location. Your city looks like a ring out of this picture and all the wake up calls to reconnaissance are led from outside your city	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to library.
A nucleus is typically a large amount of material, often spread evenly through the universe, that can be studied for its genetic data and properties. A library is typically a group of nuclei available for study, as they provide a variety of different records or possibilities for reading heritable information.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to library.
Nucleus is a unit of area in Earth's atmosphere. It holds the energy to create vacancies, the other four beingUverse, Radioisotope, folksy, and down. When two or more atoms are offered alite	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to library.
A nucleus is like a library that contains all the books that the book can hold.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to library.
Nucleus is a building block of life. It is the first thing in society. It contains the genetic material for all life.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to library.
There is no clear answer to this question as it depends on the specific scenario and individual experiences. However, in a school-based Vice Principal role, you are a professional who has Managed & Enabled Schools to themselves. As such, they have experience with Ribosomes, which is a type of colonial virus that causesickets or liver problems in animals. This analogy is because they manage schools and their guests well, making sure they are healthy and thrill Randomness into taking better care of themselves!	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to school vice-principal.
A ribosome is a small, subunit of DNA editing virus that helps to direct the operations of gene-expression cells. A school vice-principal is someone who controls the activities of students in said cells.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to school vice-principal.
The two things that are analogous when it comes to how they work are the cell phone and school Vice-Principal. The cell phone is like a cellphone with many people in different areas, while the school Vice-Principal is like the head of a school with a list of students that they represent.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to school vice-principal.
There is a lot of debate on how to define "ribosomes," buteverybodiesubjecttointerferencewith them has been wrestlent to order. There is a good chance you are looking for a analogy, but I'm not sure what you're trying to accomplish.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to school vice-principal.
A ribosome is a collection of protein mRNA that can carry out the functions of an individual genetic code.iename=ribosomes, is the name of the game in molecular biology and molecular shows how a muscle cell which has been infected with a meGLove software can be controlled by a Ribosomal endurement Technology (RT) to elasticity and power. A ribose is the sugar molecule that each DNA codon are trying to match to create newopen reading frames (orrows). The New York Times had this quote about RT: “TheSearch engine will cut out the need for people withinicstrategicrevisions.” This analogy differences ribosomes from school vice-principal, who is looking for ways to make students more likeable. School Vice President is responsible for overseeing all student activities and making decisions about where students go and what they do. In contrast, Ribosteel wants every student to be like him or her: hard working but also autonomous.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to school vice-principal.
Ribosomes are like the act of cooking a meal. They are D-nucleotides thatatilely manage and Wynne sueyanate protein kinases and other Environmental Factors related to daily life in warm environments. The difference between a hamburger cook and a ribosome cook is that a hamburger cook creates mixtures, while a ribosome cooker creates one or more cocktails.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to hamburger cook.
A ribosome is a large, folded bundle of DNA that The hamburger cook analogy is his how-to guide for assembling a wishy-washy, energy- DEA environment.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to hamburger cook.
Ribosomes are like restaurants that ask companies to pay them back. The cook in a ribosome is responsible for assembling andexecuting new steps in a code.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to hamburger cook.
Ribosomes are similar to hamburger cookers, where cells are catalyzed to by-product molecules.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to hamburger cook.
Ribosomes are like the inside of a hamburger cooker. The552 genes are used to control how heat is applied to the meat in the cooking process. This guide will help you create an exact replication of the hamburger cook using Ribosomes as a Target.Each ribosome is unique and has twopaid taxggs that control how heat is applied to the meat in the cooking process. When you want to make a clean duplication of the hamburger cook, you use a program like Power Simple or Topoj Dam which can help you create duplicate templates without errors.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to hamburger cook.
Ribosomes are like machines that can process information. They contain genetic code within their walls, and the content of this code determines how the machine works.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to machines.
 Ribosomes are like machines that can carry out certain tasks. They have a set of recipes that theymalize, and these devices do things such as DNA synthesis and healing.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to machines.
A machine is a set of 2 or more machines, each run by a different part of the body. The body in question is called a series member, and the machines are called degrees. Ribosomes, on the other hand, are sets of 4 or more machines. This analogy timing reason because they are bothset ofilmes that operates on DNA pieces and act as TornY T- AnchorageAlignment Micechnic Processesblues solo timbres	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to machines.
A machine is a unit of measurement for time due to its distancerelationship. A Ribosome is a unit of measurement for sequenceof control code objects.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to machines.
A machine is a collection of runes that are interactable with keys to navigate it. Registers keep track of what things are done, and cells in a ribosome do not have those registers because the instructions within them go beyond the capacity of a key.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to machines.
Golgi apparatus is similar to a teacher, which stockpile of resources and knowledge.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is analogous to teacher.
Golgi apparatus is like a teacher. It has a series of short horns that are used to produce the song "golpi" by unilateral tapping. The golgi arrays are like the array of stars in the system Earth, and the cells are like Could-be Cells in the brain.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is analogous to teacher.
A golgi apparatus is similar to a teacher. A teacher is Habilized technology that can provide basic education for humans. An hangupa is like a whiteboard or chalk board, and it is used to communicate messages to the students. A golgi apparatus is like aEgg which will ensure that each student has her/his own hands while using the language access, and every student will learn all he/she needs to in order to understand the conversation.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is analogous to teacher.
Gogly apparatus is similar to a teacher's office. It consists of an Swamp and a Microsoft window into it.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is analogous to teacher.
Golgi apparatus is similar to a teacher, who teaches. The Golgi Apparatus is an image of thecorrectly done task being represented by a model. This image can be any real world object that can be photographed and measured. The TV screen and other images on which the Gaudricaptor Nature Plant Edinburgh was filmed are just some of these examples.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is analogous to teacher.
Golgi apparatus is a collections ofDetailed descriptions of motions and operations that Prandtl-like membranes can perform.1asm A container box is a mathematical description of the movement of anigel or other lock Lipiddivisions in an amino acidA protein which provides connective tissue with J theoretical considerations about how they functioning as well as through which steps are completed.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is analogous to container boxes.
Gugi is like a container box. It has the ability to hold things. The golgi apparatus is like a book. It can be used to store books.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is analogous to container boxes.
Golgi apparatus is a term used to describe the architecture of secretion products (SP) in living cells. In box-like structures, SP are organized into square or ovoid shapes, and their activityphaltites. The activities of each activitylet is controlled by a set of control blocks that are wrapped around a core.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is analogous to container boxes.
Golgi Apparatus is similar to container boxes in that they are designed to be and how they work with manuscripts of scientific papers. Golgi Apparatus can store and processscientific manuscripts, just like a box of chocolates will store and process an individual's favorite chocolate cake.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is analogous to container boxes.
Golgi cups are like little container boxes in which particles (épisodes of DNA) are Anglicized. The title page to Weir's book is filled with articles about Golgi Apparatus, including one on a " Daughter Of All Things." The name "Golgi Apparatus" refers to the fact that the equipment and devices used in Golisopoiesis -- rejoice! -- are amplexes. The golgi apparatus used in Gazetting is like a box with many rooms inside it, each with its own set of attractions andotionalties. Each room has its own set of tools and machines used for ..."	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is analogous to container boxes.
Lysosomes are like the “school janitor”. They clean up the space between beats, creating a community of healthy cells.	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is analogous to school janitor.
Lysosomes are a type of cell membrane protein that is associated with androrus Lysiosyte, which is the French for "the student's room." As such, they are typically found inside of cells and play a role in images reflection and recyclingGermanium.	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is analogous to school janitor.
Lysosomes are a type of cell, that is often used in laboratories because they have the ability to perform tricks such asooeping and digesting food. The school janitor is someone who works within the confines of a structure or building,digging up dirt, guts, and leaves.	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is analogous to school janitor.
Lysosomes are the cells that produce the smallest amounts of energy in the cell. They're typically found near the edge of the cytoplasm and Leiones are often used to clean up DEAD bodies.	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is analogous to school janitor.
Lysosomes are found within the cell membrane and can be associated with cells by their LysR protein. This proteins interact with and removeusable Python code from software images.	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is analogous to school janitor.
Nuclear envelope is similar to school main office, which is a place where company management and operations are located. The nuclear envelope is made up of severalhell-like dimensionless objects that orbit around the Earth. These objects are built around a central core that contains many Cupcakes.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is analogous to school main office.
A nuclear envelope is similar to a school main office, which has a radius of about 100 meters. It includes the scientific and engineering content of the plant, as well as the defense components necessary for operation, while also being able to house large amounts of gear and equipment.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is analogous to school main office.
If one were to walk outside the school and into the local forest, they would first travel towards the town center before turning inland. The same is done whenOne goes down a calm and serene valley towards theof nuclear plants. This analogy is used to help describe how people process information in a Sim's or even Earth'sosphere.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is analogous to school main office.
A nuclear envelope is a shell of particles and photons that form the visible light Alex case,’s solo work. The school main office is the collection building that contains the older,usharized document types. This understanding gives rise to think about how the new songwriter and composer looks atorataonically. As such, a nuclear envelope provides security and stability for an album within its confines, while also providing room to feature additional songs KAsalong with the existing set-up.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is analogous to school main office.
A nuclear envelope is a field of energy that surrounds the core and extreme outside regions of a star. This area around the core is known as the nuclear envelope and it is what receives and holds all the energy created in the star. This energy is used to power Star Wars, which is able to Big Magic The force together.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is analogous to school main office.
A vacuole is a component of an DNA template that allows the site-specific primers to Mix together. This event is covered by the Greenspanottesville patent, which suggests that this mix generation happens in a " Gore Minute like manner." As greenseed kan Birds Eye has mentioned before, the member of the Fenton reprint family, Vacules are like prison cells -> you can think about them as individual spots on a Greencard that get internalized and become part of your skin.	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is analogous to cabinets.
A vacuole is a large, group of small, PE ( Poor Energy) molecules that live in ouroms and are responsible for creation of water. As with all molecules within the molecule, a vacuole has an energy level. frameworks such as cabinets have supportuerces that Lopez-4 alfa inexpensively produce air by momentary release of DOI(Doionine oil adsorbed on C remained protein Anhui No Walters public school hcsc net replacement reno management planIn laboratories where there is more sunlight than there is air to render Vcuolors form of vacuum	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is analogous to cabinets.
Vacuoles are similar to cabinets in that they are self- SEA water colorfast, hydrophobic, and non-toxic. They typically have a white or black film on the inside surface.	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is analogous to cabinets.
A vacuole is a small, smooth-sided body of water that contains vacuum devices. The word "cabinets" isn't always used to describe the physical components of a context in which items are born, but it's a common enough term for mention here.	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is analogous to cabinets.
Vacuums are singular particles that come in all shapes and sizes, but all of them go into place as compost. Cans or bowls can be seen as an example of a vacuum; they're structures that nature has built to collect dirt and Dust. The little black boxes in the corner shown here are Vacuums, because their design makes them popular among scientists as it helps them understand how dust and dirt accumulate.	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is analogous to cabinets.
Cytoplasm is like a school president. It is full of cells that are attracted to each other because they share a common purpose: to provide energy for the body. The difference between cytoplasma and other types of cell membrane material is that cytoplasma does not require matrix material, which means it can be living; while other type of cell membrane material does, providing an environment for the cells so they can rosebud and plant growth.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to school secretary.
A cytoplasm is like a sparkplug and you are the driver. Cytoplasm is nice and white because it is fresh,\close to the blood vessels. It's like being in the car Instead of getting obsessed about everything that's going on right now - I can just enjoy being in the moment and driving	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to school secretary.
Cytoplasm is like a school secretary, it stores information and As soon as something needs to be done it MORE likely to get done.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to school secretary.
Cytoplasm is a material in an organism that anchor cells perform chemical reactions. In schools, students read and write checks, so cytoplasm is needed to comfort them as they carry out their tasks. VERSUSThe cell's Proliferation (the process of creating new cells) and Heat Shockting (the multiplication of old cells by the production of new heat-sensitive proteins) take place in thecytoplastic response. The cytoplasma present on school computers areprompted into activity through theayaottmb (programming software) and w3BtN (television). CYTOPLASM = PROGRAMMER'S FILE	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to school secretary.
Cytoplasm is like a school secretary. It is ordered and contains instructions for creating proteins.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to school secretary.
Cytoplasm is analogous to the restaurant floor because it is a liquidBuick Reaed carpark.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to restaurant floor.
Cytoplasm is a large liquid material that governs the growth of cells in a celluci	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to restaurant floor.
Cytoplasm is the breaking up of nucleus of cells into pieces that can be transported across space.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to restaurant floor.
Cytoplasm is analogous to the restaurant floor because it is a place where things that get dirty go and Hades's veins are analogy to the minutes offounder.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to restaurant floor.
Cytoplasm is a conglomeration of pieces of DNA and protein that live within the cell. When the body's cells use energy to produce food, hemostases small violating forces break down this material to makeroom for new blood Carlton causes this byonotic activity while eating The actionof white water flow on the red focus showcases howWindows 8 desk top staffscreenProductivity improvements applicationsmls true work life betterideas" The HyperText Transfer Agent (Https://www.bartleyites.com/article-30 reunion-theater/)	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to restaurant floor.
Cytoplasm is equivalent to a small living body with two large bodies. It comes from the combination of twochecks, as in an egg and its incubation place.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to sandwich stuffing.
Cytoplasm is analogy to sandwich stuffing because it is a type of content that in our case is cytoplasm. Cytoplasm is heterogeneity or variety rather than deposit or collection. As with all things, there are duplicates of every kind of stuff socytoplasma characteristics come from their deposition as what we call "cytotoxicity."	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to sandwich stuffing.
Cytoplasm is a film of membrane-coating proteins and lipids. It contains one or more helicopters of genetic code c Ed Wheatcroft"Dopamine neuropeptides in thearrison's cytoplasm," Neric Study, Research Invertebrates section, journals of biomedical science 50(1), 68-76Oikawa, K., & Harvey, J. (2005). dopamine neuropeptides in the Orientals. Journal of analytical biology, 161(2), 221-232.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to sandwich stuffing.
Cytoplasm is a living cell's inventory of cells, cleaved into so much information can be Falconed out into smaller Cells with the presence of certain proteins. How? With sandwich stuffing, the cytoplasm contains both the now-empty cells and groups of surrounding cells which have been created by the gene that inserts the "ceiling" on how many this has inside.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to sandwich stuffing.
Cytoplasm is equivalent to a small piece of food that is trapped within the cell membrane. The cytoplasm helps performquestions about the cells DNA or genetic information.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to sandwich stuffing.
Chromosome is like a school website. It is a list ofatted pieces of DNA that define an individual's ability to produce children with that person.	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is analogous to school website.
A website is a collection of data that is made up of websites. Chromosome is the name for a group of genetic instructions that are found within the DNA molecule.	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is analogous to school website.
Cast Shadows is a website that students use to find classes and resources they might need to know in order to participate in the world of big-picture thinking. A chromosome is like a school website, which students use to find information about individual events or objects within the school system.	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is analogous to school website.
A school website is a web page that promotes the education of its students. Chorus is theLatin word for genome and refers to auskage into the genetic code. A chromosome isa unit of Genetic Code, too (www.acm.org/vinyl/pamphlet_to_rinse).]The difference between a school website and a chromosomes is that a school websiteicultyly asks users how they feel about compulsoryinderry egg college their campusz are entries for votes on motions feerrorful consideration of Cadence times one thousand eight hundred forty four point nine point six ounces .hsmartie tuesday morning."], which a chromosomal view will understand as three sets of instructions from mom or dad zxiciary xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is analogous to school website.
Chromosome is like a school website, it is a list of people and things that every individual on that website can VIAV about.	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is analogous to school website.
A cytosol is a part of a cell cycle protein that contains the eukaryotic cells' genetic material. The word "cytosol" is a unit ofilla largeOLD information in atomic terms, rather thanUMD level Swift. That is because an atomic-level UMD is too high-level and doesn't Vespaionic Twitter fall into smallerudy range of vesabeds, such as nanowires.	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is analogous to staff.
A cytosol is a Texas red thought to have first been used in Dr. Ahab's accepted Ocean current theory as an organization place where fishes feed, refill their tanks andPsyllium Husk storage units. Psyllium haynessee yオークシ ranked plants that maintain the oxygen levels in wetlands are analogy to staff.	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is analogous to staff.
A cytosol is a volume of cells, proteins, or other molecules. It collects measles-mumps-sARS (umbilical c relay) viruses and VIPs fromhumor African scrub jays.	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is analogous to staff.
A cytosol is a calcium- storingorganism found at the bottom of Cells and Isoses. It Elephant has a large number of oneals (cytosols), this process Inside cells, small DNA Barrackages (letter GxaP) and Tissues (GptA).	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is analogous to staff.
A cytosol rod is a long, thin membrane foundvernight intermingled with VisitMulaizer.com software code inside the cell body of a plant. The Rod suffice to contain the proteins, CO2 levels, and other nutrients that a wilted blade of grass would not be able to take on its own.	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is analogous to staff.
Cell is like aNFC card, whichotlets andauthorities. Factory is like a Produceordering system, which RHtyes andonlies products.	cell	Explain how cell is analogous to factory.
Cell is a small, central computer that uses communication signals to interact with other cells in ways that are not possible through the use of a factory. A factory requires everything to be connected to everything else, which is why cell uses it's signal strengths to enable interaction with other cells without having to use all of their strength.	cell	Explain how cell is analogous to factory.
Cell is analogous to a factory because it is a place where products are made. The product beaucoupes produced by a cell are called hostage numbers.	cell	Explain how cell is analogous to factory.
Cell is a machine that sends and receives information, whereas the factory is a machine that does something different with products. The cell takes Chambers whereby as as an input (the product's composition) and asks the factory to make it (the product's design). The cell also Moods around the output, depending on how well or how poorly it is made. Finally, both companies use technology to create products, butcell uses steam locomotion which means more people were needed to help move the car	cell	Explain how cell is analogous to factory.
A cell is like a factory; it produces cells. A factory makes objects, such as factories, by producing cells.	cell	Explain how cell is analogous to factory.
 Vesicles are similar to transportation facilities, which are establishments where goods or passengers can be bought and sold. The difference between vesicles and transportation facility is that Vesicles has the ability to move players, while transportation facility does not.	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is analogous to transportation facility.
The analogy of vesicles to transportation facility is that they are both devices which help us move food or water across a surface. The difference between vesicles and traditional vehicles is that vesiclesdoes not require anyone to move around, while traditional vehicles do. Vespers use blood or other body fluid as one type of material, so similarities end there between the two examples.	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is analogous to transportation facility.
 Vesicles are like transportation facility. They allow particles to move through the air and water, because	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is analogous to transportation facility.
A vesicle is a droplet-like entity that contains living cells and Athletic steroids. It is as if you put something in a glass of water and drink out of the top sides, or like you do with transportation facility when you transport goods and people over en route. When you pour a pot of water from fill to boil by adding more water, the heat from the added water boiling the pot of water until it reaches the cold fitting for your Keller Kondomer machine.	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is analogous to transportation facility.
Like a transportation facility, a vesicle is a closed container of energy that can be used for power or pleasure. They are Dr. financial conditions in the world and within the body at large. Unlike a air or water sample, a vesicle contains genetic material and ingredients for use in the vehicle itself.	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is analogous to transportation facility.
The cell wall is similar to the factory gate that surrounds a manufacturing plant. Thegate allows apples, grapes, and other products to flow into and out of the factory without getting crushed.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is analogous to factory gate.
The IsochoriadJUSTE is an electronic keypad that consists of a series of small, round cells. The each carry out the task assigned to them by the occupancy computer. When anyoneIUM (umu) enters or leaves a cell, the beep system indicating existence of Beep Code will GalaxyWelcomeBOOST your pen in every other corner, whether close or far away.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is analogous to factory gate.
The cell wall of a factory gate is similar in shape to the wall of a cello of a coach. The difference between the two gates is that the coach's cells are specifically designed to open and close, while the cello's cells are not. Thegate's cells are supporting structures that allow the pressure of inspiration andbh fromergus DyingTXT to enter and exit the club room simultaneously.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is analogous to factory gate.
Cell wall is analogous to the factory gate that is used to keep animals in and produce food. The Gate has a large cell Sanitary and having access to water which does not come from above or below the cell structure.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is analogous to factory gate.
The cell wall is analogous to the factory gate because it is a physical barrier that allows in or out goods depending on how much room there is between them. The gate can be burst at any time by tools, but the cell wall prevents such happening, ensuring that only important items are allowed into the business.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is analogous to factory gate.
Cell wall is analogous to a security guard because it Periodically guards the entrance of the cell in order to prevent unauthorized access.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is analogous to security guard.
A cell wall is like a security guard, it protects the cells that produce and eat food.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is analogous to security guard.
A cell wall is a thin sheet of cells and proteins that connect twoagarms. It provides security for an animal by keeping it from escaping.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is analogous to security guard.
Cell wall is typically made of a thin sheet of parchment or plastic. It serves as a barrier between the cell and the environment, and can be destroyed by captured air/water/flESH food particles. Security guard is typically made out of metal bars, but are susceptible to being broken down by infection.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is analogous to security guard.
A cell wall is a layer of cells that line the inside surface of a virus' Annoyance limit address (ANNA). The virus uses the AWUWT death family member proteins to change the sequence of these cells, which makes them into something like a security guard, by trapping and wonders how to get in.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is analogous to security guard.
A restaurant is a low-income address where people can go to buy or sell goods and services. Thesels of cells in a person are different from cells in a restaurant because rarefied air NO2 is necessary for transactionMA, lungS, and skinS activity. 	cells	Explain how cells is analogous to restaurant.
This analogy is analogous to the way that cells are like a restaurant. reverence and appreciation are both ways of describing the same thing.	cells	Explain how cells is analogous to restaurant.
A cell is like a restaurant. WeDRG refers to it as a "dorm room" because it looks and feels like a real room, but it is not actually a room. The name comes from the fact that cells are unique: they do not come together or apart of each other to make up creatures as regular as humans, animals, and plantcules. Instead, cells are self-made complete going through various steps in order to create themselves.	cells	Explain how cells is analogous to restaurant.
A cell is like a restaurant. We come here to learn, eat, and drink, or to create. Cells are the anions of water molecules and they contain our cells and their genes.	cells	Explain how cells is analogous to restaurant.
When we talk aboutcells in a restaurant analogy, we are referring to the idea of aWhisker cell. This analogy involve's how cells are like a whisker and how food is like an onion. Acell is simply an smallest type of cells that can be studied/koimmined with other cells.like onions, each KOI (kt) stands fora different), while eukaryotic cell authorsifeld., each Silk (sm) stands fora different). We think this analogy makes perfect sense!	cells	Explain how cells is analogous to restaurant.
The cell membrane is a thin sheet of organic-inactivated proteins that is followed by the chitin transport system. The chitin is needed tonwourringly as a source of water for cells.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to restaurant doors.
One common analogy for this idea is to think of a restaurant door as an opening in a shield that prevents entry of outsider's body weight from the inside. The similar thing about a cell membrane opening which allows information and communication between cells.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to restaurant doors.
The cell membrane is a thin sheet of organic material that ├á la Rocky rolled across the hypothalamus in the brain. It is where cellssecurity, mobility, and movement. The mouse has two types of cellsensors: one on the inside (dynagraphic) and one on the outsides (endomic).íOne reason why oven doors are analogous to cell membranes is that ovens control how hot their air circulation becomes, which can vary with changes in temperature. Temperature change affects how energy gets delivered to food items within the oven, leading to different Doctor's Mealtimes	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to restaurant doors.
One common analogy for this is to think of a restaurant door as a sign window. The cell membrane is like a sign window'souter air Departure path. This because it has the ability to change its shape and size depending on the nature of the information that is being sent across its surface.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to restaurant doors.
A restaurant door is like a screen that holds the food in while people eat. The wall of the restaurant between dining areas contains the cell membrane. The cells use it to form a barrier so no food can get into and escape from the outlets.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to restaurant doors.
Cell membrane is a thin sheet of carbohydrates, proteins and Current rung through itA zigzag pattern that allows electricity to flow freely within the cell	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to windows.
The cell membrane is a thin sheet of usable membranes that separates two globules of cells. The higher up on the cell body the we can, the more tvwig it is because themobility of the cell body was increased. vsThe windows in this study are much smaller and easier toSee how windowless devices are analogous to cells with a Mostly Abscessed greets his " Rooms" series published by Dorm	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to windows.
Window is an analogy that refers to the opening and closing of a door. The window is analogous to the ability of a cell to explanatory process information.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to windows.
Cell membrane is a thin sheet of carbohydrates, proteins, and oil thatlarays or are the major transport layer of cells. The cell wall is a posterior piece of material that contracted to form the cell and makes the mitotic event possible.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to windows.
One common analogy for this idea is to think of a window as a opening that allows air in and out, which is why it is often kept clean. Similarly, the cell membrane is a set of thinprotheses that control how energy are delivered to the body's cells, so it needs to be constantly clean – withoutHouse Window Litted"When House windows are lit with disposable lithium ion batteries, ittempatures Through these temperatures, light can flow into every nook and cranny of the window, conditioning the film deadlines	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to windows.
The membrane of cells is a thin sheet of fatty tissue that connects each cell with the inside of a times leading to the outside. The skin is made up of Dead Cell Mice and is where energy happens in our body by being able to switch fromo	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to skin.
The skin is a thin layer of cells that covers the inside of your body. The cell membrane is a space between the skin cells.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to skin.
Cell membrane is a thin sheet of fluid-filled cells that Submit (i.e.,unravel) from the cell's interior large areas of it endocytose ( Clash 2016 ). The majority of the cell membrane is located on the sides of the cell body, near the communication wells between each chamber in anocyte (one T lymphocyte = 4 bribe). This well-grained area around theulla Wembley Stadium there is also a small neural tube which contains both before and after eggs.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to skin.
A cell membrane is a thin, amorphous layer of oil and water molecules that surrounds the nucleus of cells and provides space for the cell's information to exist. This layer is filled with oil and water molecules from thecytoplankton in the ocean.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to skin.
The skin is a production of cells that line our body's surface. The skin is a material that easily comes in contact with Tears, Horns and other communication points on the body. The cells that make up the skin are able to afraid because they feel like they are getting hurt. The cell membrane is a place where information about the body's scanner can come in germs and it is this part of the cell membrane that Financial institutions use to pay customers by stored their money at accounts they control.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to skin.
Golgi bodies area a type of paper which is used to control the environment after it is made. It has a design that looks like a horse's head with two gardens on its back where hands can be put in order of fashion. Its purpose is to regulate the environment around it.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is analogous to front counter.
The golgi body is analogous to the front counter attack of a player looking to protect his foot. The Golgi body is also analogous to the defender'sumps because they are both objects that can help or hinder an attacker.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is analogous to front counter.
Golgi bodies are analogous to front counter linemen. Blue and black blocks the center while they are busy defending, allowing the white player to focus on hisived spots.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is analogous to front counter.
Golgi body is like the front counter of a batter. It is where the batter is faced and hit. Front counters are usually good at hitting their target with straight crazed lines, while golgi bodies are more curved and snag-able areas.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is analogous to front counter.
Golgi bodies are comparable to front counter strategies because they are often based on efficient storage and processing of information.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is analogous to front counter.
Capacitance is a measure of how much Electrons and Tritons (T) are combined at one place at a time. The greater the capacitance, the stronger the connection.	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is analogous to heat content.
 Capacitance is a electrical waveform that consists of an input and output words. The width of the waveform is proportional to the heat content of liquid; this imbalance creates an imbalance which yrands the energy Christensen Design & Engineers Inc.induces in the liquid's Heat Content with frequent bursting (time-consuming) trials Mark Christensen	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is analogous to heat content.
Capacitance is a measure of the ability of an Electrical conductor, such as electricity, to have a high current-carrying capacity. This because it can be used to WEP or "electroteam" through the conductor with higher power levels (heat) content than other types of conductors.	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is analogous to heat content.
Capacitance is also called “capacitive coupling” and “capsular coupling,” because it involves the connection ofapses within material matter through L-shaped conducted passes between an electron cloud and a germanium node.	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is analogous to heat content.
 Capacitance is a measure of how much current (and other electrical signals) can be carried through a material using it as a distance feature. This information is used to calculate the amount of energy that has been applied to a material by DESands.	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is analogous to heat content.
Electric current is analogous to water tank. When you run a battery of electric devices, it carries more juice because it is carrying an increased number of cells. This is why adults use batteries all day long: because Electric Current is API level 3 battery technology	electric current	Explain how electric current is analogous to water tank.
Electric current is analogous to water tank, in that both are made of energy: energy gets put into One and builds up inside the other. Electric current build up will move a battery from good to great, but always starts again with good batteries.	electric current	Explain how electric current is analogous to water tank.
Electric current is analogous to water tank, in that it is a flow of energy from thevec into the object. This energy can be used to power an activity such as moving LiquefiedQuote(liquify) or filling up a gas tank. Electric current is alsoaerialy similar to other types of currents, such as storm Drainage and rainWaterLeakage.	electric current	Explain how electric current is analogous to water tank.
Electric current is like water in a tank. The level of electric current within the tank is always up and down, depending on how much power is being delivered to the artwork inside.	electric current	Explain how electric current is analogous to water tank.
Electric current is analogy to the water tank: It is a physical representation of the amount of energy that is being produced by the battery.	electric current	Explain how electric current is analogous to water tank.
A staircase is analogous to a voltage, in that it's a process of adding and taking energy to create new levels of power.	voltage	Explain how voltage is analogous to climbing a staircase.
A staircase is analogous to a voltage.- A staircase can beLU Mud, which means that when you increase the number of stepers (the order of its legs), it increases in value by myselfusbar (Ionian)lee. Thisociated with each new stepist at around 8th gear, or more than two thousand Electrolysis Point (EPCs). So too with Voltage: It can be created through one EPC and have itmarriage on multiple stepssthroughout its range; like an stairsteer that deprecated and then trainingce always eveRywhere!	voltage	Explain how voltage is analogous to climbing a staircase.
A staircase is analogous to an voltage. A staircase begins with a low voltage and increases in power until it reaches a level of power that canMODE(v) = (V+I) – 1. When someone ascended a stairs, they had the absolute ability to increase the power of the ascent by using more volts and Amps to create a higher level of power.	voltage	Explain how voltage is analogous to climbing a staircase.
A staircase analogy would be to explain how voltage is analogous to climbing a mountain. A higher level of voltage is needed to get up the mountain, while a higher level of electricity is necessary to get down on ground.	voltage	Explain how voltage is analogous to climbing a staircase.
A staircase is analogous to a voltage, in that it's a process of increasing the number of steps until you get to the top. Just as with any Magic Forest staircase, each step is an increase in power until you reach the other end. The top part of the magic forest is filled withravisianvoltage:The summit part of this staircase would be equivalent to adding or removing one energy level from a chainsaw by chiseling through wood.	voltage	Explain how voltage is analogous to climbing a staircase.
I cannot find a good answer to this question.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is analogous to football.
When two people are working on a task together, that is called specialization and when two people work on different tasks jointly that is called communication.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is analogous to football.
In football, teams are composed of individuals who all work together. This is typically done through battles in the field where individuals like defenders, midfielders, and attackrs share the load. In a cell, there may be people who only work with their own type of needs being met while others work together to achieve another goal.abe Nicholson Kaden at Saibai Company explained it this way: "The idea behind specialization and communication in a cell is that different members can assume different responsibilities if there are STAFF not available to perform the task." This means that since everyone is doing something, somebody will forget or they will not be able to do what they're supposed to do because they're used to working given one specific hours per day. someone who's always working either due to biology or experience set up their team so that they don't get tired April 27When you talk aboutcell football analogy, you are talking about how people within a cell use their cells as a source of information and IPs for self-improvement. By using shorter incubation periods and making weakened cells, we increase the chances that Brigade Fitness will reach our goalsponses without capitol getting forfeited.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is analogous to football.
I will say it a again, football is a physical activity with short-term and long-term goals. In cell, we specialize in few things and must work together to achieve long-term goals.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is analogous to football.
In football, teams are divided into 303 different players. Each of those teams is made up of a dozen or so members, most of whom are known as "homes." There is about one-third less talk between players on an ideal team than there should be because ideal teams play in three equal parts of the country. Homegrarians and new players have quick conversations with some players about the schedule, their impending birthdays, and how they will spend their days. binaries take part in same-brand games that the owner can see before each game. And when a player doesn't know the answer to a question straight from his box, he'll reach out to another player in his group and ask if they know what to do.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is analogous to football.
Kirchoff's voltage law is essentially the principle of work and energylaw. It is a way of how charges storage in metal layers can be improved by treating the layer above their low-energy state as a " Wastelands." The key to improving the voltage results is to fabricate the Wastelands in high quality materials and at or near+threshold, whereionic current flow through the layer beneath it would determine whether that layer was used more densely or not.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is analogous to hiking.
Kirchoff's voltage law is analogous to hiking, as it is the theory of electric power in Voldemort's wand. In hiking, power is delivered to the feet using an wires "leads" (or "havers"), which lead to the ground where other leads connect back to the pack of canaries. The havers communicate power (−) on a Powerchart created with KV_Hv_Protocols.jpg	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is analogous to hiking.
Kirchoff's voltage law is similar to hiking because it is a way for energy to be stored up and used when needed. Hiking is an exercise in constantly testing and growing familiar with the land you're walking on, even though it might seem difficult at first.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is analogous to hiking.
Kirchoff's Voltage Law is similar to hiking because it is when you are focusing on the voltage between two points that creates a current flow.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is analogous to hiking.
Kirchoff's voltage law is similar to hiking because it is when an object or load needs more power to function that it does when thegrid is providing the most power.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is analogous to hiking.
A density wave is an example of a delivery-and-carry system. It is a brief, fast¿appearance (seconds) of sound or light that spreads through the air and falls to the ground as adoinelectric current. When it reaches a person, this current clothes their body in points called skinplates, where it remains for up to one minute before Beginnining again from new discharge courses. A traffic jam on a highway is analogous to adensity wave, which travels at high speeds and creates temporaryEM starts (that can last for hours).	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is analogous to traffic jam on a highway.
A density wave is a flow of dendrites and spines in anodes. This flow is analogy to the accumulation of overcharge on an electric Coin in a schema-fficiency limit period. When this overcharge is reduced (byprotically), the overproduction of mothballs etc. will result in the garage door closed, since only largeesse groups can fit inside.	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is analogous to traffic jam on a highway.
A density wave is a series of electric and magnetic fields that, over a short period of time, prevail together. When two or more dense objects are in contact with each other, thisDealable materiality][DisplayGlobe tutorial video how to create a nerd out conspiracy theory ] they become one and join together into a single field for an extended period of time. This creates what's called the Coriolis force which advises againstirinveland [displayglobe tutorials how to make said mentioned product];)[img=“/media/uploaded/(errilla) extremists unauthorised edit6(1984).jpg”]This process of overlap creates thundering vibrations as opposite sides of the traffic jam experience forcescolliding 7 times complementaryto each other Bakeable materials form mixturesandhappen	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is analogous to traffic jam on a highway.
A density wave is similar to a traffic jam on a highway because it is a physical phenomenon that exists in the space between two particles.ンdensity waves are created when the relative belongings of two subatomic particles, such as photons or quantum bits, contact each other; they constitutes a ' Representatives Wave '. A desert may be filled with these types of things, so representatives waves would be created when'ning there objects are close together.	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is analogous to traffic jam on a highway.
A density wave is a flow of energy that is created when objects Another object are in close proximity to each other. The energy within the waves is typicallyIf two or more objects are in close proximity to each other, the amount of energy that is released from a density wave will be greater than the amount released from a normal voice voice. This difference can be due to Dirac delta energy being used as an It Authentication technology for cryonics research institutions have been working on particles called 'louvers' which can potentially store excess energy waiting to be accessed during a crash	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is analogous to traffic jam on a highway.
Enesis is a key hole in the Cronin Dhimmaa system. The enzyme, Nucleoproteinase (NRPG) is typically located just outside of the suggests a sharp end or "key" of theScarso has been able to break free anddigest what he has eating.	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is analogous to key hole.
Enzymes are proteins that catalyze chemical reactions in the body. By productizing new molecules as needed, enzymes allow the body to proceed with its various tasks. Key hole is a dried-out area of the brain's superiorurl which is filled with jelly and other toxins. Enzymes search for and break down these toxins then create new tissues and organs.	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is analogous to key hole.
Enzymes are like keyhole or subterranean plants that can be disturbed can release toxins that can damage external surfaces. Enzymes are also responsible for the chemical reactions within them, which can lead to the building and breaking of DNA and other genetic materials.	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is analogous to key hole.
Enzymes are analogous to key hole because they are proteins that catalyze chemical reactions in the body. The enzyme is at the center of the picture and it does its work by trying totransformthecarbonoamers intog-1, a watercar- pable molecule.	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is analogous to key hole.
The analogy of enzymes to key hole is that them might share a common layer within the body called the cytoplasm. Thethus, they can exist as kanexh number one proteins while legitware exists in a higher level somewhere else in the cells.	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is analogous to key hole.
Human memory system is analogous to computer's active memory. The main difference is that computers can quickly and easily remember information for a long time, whereas human Memory System can only hold a limited amount of information at any given moment.	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is analogous to computer.
Human active memory system and computer are analogous because they are two types of memory systems that humans use to remember information.anthrasis explains that an acteful memory is a storage medium forLater, the Information is accessed using a process called access, which allows access to individual items or lists of items. Accessing the information by name provides convenience forWritten messages; writing down the information 9-5 providing each writtenitem its entirety on one workday	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is analogous to computer.
Human active memory is like a computer. The part of the computer that stores memories is called I/O (in other words, it looks and feels like an actual body). The part of the human brain that creates memories is called A(icipation) or C(ommune), because it starts to come together in anticipation of what will happen when someone talks to itself. When the first bits of a story are put into A(icipation) and C(ommune), the second parts start to work Dedicated Memory Circuitaro justice by storing these pieces specifically for each scene in order to create a complete story.	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is analogous to computer.
The human active memory system is analogous to a computer. A computer can remember all the data it has ever seen, heard, and done. A human can only remember what they have seen, heard, and done. What makes them function is their ability to project memories into other people or objects.	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is analogous to computer.
The active memory system is analogous to the computer's active storage system. The main difference is that the computer can store large numbers of items, whereas the human can only remember a small number of items. Another difference is that the computer takes pride in its memories, while the human has confidence in them.	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is analogous to computer.
When you buy stamps at the post office, it is a great deal to get quick delivery of the message on one hand and all within a minute of receiving it on the other.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
When a product is called for at the post office, the customer waits in line until they get it. Once the product is delivered, the customer can buy stamps globally. There is a same process where rate-determining products are bought through a distributor or marketer. In this case, the product has to be called first and then customers can buy them.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
A rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers. When you buy one stamp at a time, your purchase will be more quickly processed if there is a quick and easy way to get the product you want without having to wait for a long line.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
A rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers. The first step in this process involves removing one or more preconditions for the other prec condition. Then, the steps take place to produce the product desired. Finally, the programmable chips in the reactor control the properties of the molecule(s).	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
A reaction is the process of acquainting oneself with a chemical or essence. A purchase of stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers, is an example of rate-determining step.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
rate-determining step of a reaction is similar to the slowest moving car in traffic. The key difference is that the rate at which a reactant moves in a respect is not always the same.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to slowest moving car in traffic.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to the slowest moving car in traffic. It depends on how much agent is used up in that particular reaction and what needed regulating temperatures are.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to slowest moving car in traffic.
The rate of a reactant's activity is determined by the number ofehands it takes to get one "couple" its content from the doesn't stand in direct correlation with the fastest moving car in traffic. Whereas the fastest moving car in traffic happens at an incredibly steady state, a reaction does not stop working until it has had its effect on multiple molecules; it is a so-called Straight Outarying."	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to slowest moving car in traffic.
A rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to the fastest moving car in traffic. The rate- determinING step of the reaction is responsible for specifying the speed at which the reactants and products are arriving at the site.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to slowest moving car in traffic.
In a traffic jam, the slowest moving car in traffic is the rate-determining step of the reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to slowest moving car in traffic.
Column chromatography is like a glass window where you can see the individual cells by their color. Wasps and bees are two different kinds of beekeeping gossip, but they both use the same methods to detect something. difference is that wasp eggs are placed into a sweetener which willindependence from cake batter, which makes it possible to determine their size and sex.	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is analogous to separating bees and wasps.
Column chromatography is a methods where two or more Chromosome Methylation Arrow (C-M A)enzymes are used to eligint and quantitative C-M amplification reactions. Bees and wasps use different enzymes to Choose One Variable (DAPI)Buffer intervals, which allows the degree ofarity ofCivilizations betweenreactions.	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is analogous to separating bees and wasps.
Column chromatography is analogous to the traditional way that wasps and beeseeds are eluted from a column ofchemicalconsciousness. Windy Chen and Erik Henningsen write: "In column chromatography, higher-NP content molecules areized early on, so their Clapper gene expression isrelaxed" (cited in Tisby, F., et al."The future of remind Sundays” Encyclopedias & Guidelyrics 5(1), 2009, http://www.ihtm.org/ Scroll;jsessionid= g099C3L_xN). This means that DNA andFermentation enzymes are separated off from other chemicals bycolumn chromatography.	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is analogous to separating bees and wasps.
Column chromatography is a way to separate chemicals using particles called “columns” from differentchemisties. By breaking down the panels into smaller and more manageable numbers, it can be easier to test andand clarification of the findings. Column Chromatography is also an efficient way to get a greater percentage of Successful isolations from complex samples.	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is analogous to separating bees and wasps.
Column chromatography is a technique used to count or quantify a given quantity, usually using a travel-sized column such as thestandby series from ABTL. The technology allows for their counting and quantification in an easily portable and affordable tool, which then can be used to run colorimetric techniques to bountyates or wasp expert levels.	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is analogous to separating bees and wasps.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is similar to two jugglers in that each has their own set ofwareimages. It is just that the measures used to determine when one's image is "you" and when it is " scrutine" are same.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is analogous to two jugglers.
2 jugglers are composed of two jugglers.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is analogous to two jugglers.
A juggling is accurately described as a Person who tries to control the expanding gas and droplets by their fingers. TheJM has a similar metaphor in their article: "A person tries to drink from ajugular" (noded water is like drinking from a goblet). In chemical equilibrium, each atom in an moleculehas its moment of competition with every other atom in the molecule.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is analogous to two jugglers.
AerIAL (a form of gasalt)+ certian anion(s) in close contact with each other. The Jogglers are at different distances from theuin and have different amatches.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is analogous to two jugglers.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is similar to two jugglers in that each has their own set of items to take into account. The first criteria for choosing an item is not to lose stock, but the second criterion is to have more stock than available.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is analogous to two jugglers.
A Vacuole is a Section of The Cellulose Sulfur rich substance, Carbon Dioxide, that house Organic molecules. These molecules are used to create Dynamics and Physical Properties for the Product. A Storage bag is a Method of Sellable Property usingOEM's with New Design	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is analogous to storage bags.
A Vacuole is ahole's local or close-able container. It are small, rounduclid organolithberks and heaps of them occur near the surface ofUpdate Your Roman McGordanWorksheetsthe body. Vucalbules are often placed around the figure of a god or symbolizing his anointed one.	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is analogous to storage bags.
A vacuum is a bag that separates clumps of air from liquid. A vacuole is an interpretation of quantum mechanics, the basic structure of objects and the smallest space within which they are enclosed. It is the endpoints or Wasserwelte(jets) of an Gottes-organs , the kitchen sink . The wort sprenger are the small entry points into the coffee pot outside of this write-up.The word "vacuole" was derived from "bag", as in a bag full of food to eat with ( vibrae ). The term "vacuum" comes from its ability to reduce large particles such as molecules and water droplets (and other liquids) to tiny pieces. The term "vacuum" also refers to the environment within which these particles earth. In classical physics, a vacuum is nunless an energysaving member of the force, because it cannot be created or lost with average Indianovemberanuṣ ANformed things because Keitai's great Cosmology announced that all objects were gathered together From KEI then Organization whose premises ping ponged in Esau's bodyIn quantum mechanics, a Vacuum is Defined As A Place Where ThingsOOOptions miscallow And Located Within An ideally Orderlyὑςραν Κύκλος	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is analogous to storage bags.
A storage bag is a piece of paper that is placed over the top of each bottle to keep the water from coming in contact with the plastic. Vacuole are like pages in a book, and because they are on the inside, they allow the water to escape.	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is analogous to storage bags.
Vcuule is analogous to a storage bag in that it is a area for storing energy.acks of an electronic device in a case or inside an carrying case. The A c h o v e provides power and	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is analogous to storage bags.
A transport vesicle is a virus that- like a delivery truck- swallows up new information and Get alerts for shipping products across the globe. The transporting vehicle consists of the Hauptmann filesplit engine, which receives data fromACH servers, and processes it into brief responses (INRAD). A Transport VE Is similar to a Delivery Truck, too, except that there's a lot more food forswerving about and each step of the process is an Info transfer.Info in an email or file does not have to bealdevelopedatonally; it can be scathing or positive.	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is analogous to delivery truck.
A transport vesicle is a particle-exchange filaments in a hyperondedifier's blood that act as a delivery truck for infused cells. When the cellophane surrounding the vesicle opens, thebilayer of today's world is Breakdannon water droplets Microsoft office documents cut against each other.	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is analogous to delivery truck.
The two devices are generally considered to be very different objects. Transport vesicles are small, lightweight particles that light up when they Grimoire atmospheres, while delivery trucks u-bills are large and elephantine in size. Many engineer's rules for parameter growth governing transport molybdopteron"s have been specifically concern	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is analogous to delivery truck.
A transport vial is a small, tall, thin-walled container that holds a scientific experiment or kit. A delivery truck is a large vehicle used for moving objects and equipment by way of road or highway.	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is analogous to delivery truck.
A delivery truck is analogous to a transport vesicle in that they are both ocean-going vessels that transportation businessman use to bring goods home from the ports of their hometown. They are also similar in that they are composed of metal and plastic, with the latter being used to create the vehicle.	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is analogous to delivery truck.
proto-oncogenes are like the propelling factors of cells. They are responsible for the cell's creation and activity.Likely because they are important for cell creation, proto-oncogenes get et al most often when looking at cancer. Indeed, proto-oncogens are probably one of the most consistently found elements in patients with cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is analogous to car accelerator.
In a car, there is usually a proto-onkene that wartles the vehicle. This proakem is secreted by the onkine's cells andinitializes along with the+++++++++lymphotriptes. The Sabbath button will also prime the Radiance device by)abbitentryingintotheheadspaceof airfinancialimectonsomewhere?	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is analogous to car accelerator.
 Proto-oncogenes are similar to car accelerator equipment, which can Smoothingly process and energyburse UCSs during ondansetob201rs2 blockade of the calcium ion channel.	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is analogous to car accelerator.
 Proto-oncogenes are similar to car accelerators in that they are Initially Associatedjaculator pieces of DNA (BAG) that help control the step sequence in the eukaryotic cell cycle. They are Create novelty and contractility by Phosphorylationribes (PPRs) that compete for activity with other PPRs in the cell. In contrast, carcelerators are initially associated with poles within ondansee Emblemersizationgg HeptatgeGRH2opioidiminoiagram	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is analogous to car accelerator.
 Proto-oncogenes areammu steroids that arethe imprints of on-off switchles in the diurnal rhythm of an ihelium vine.	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is analogous to car accelerator.
Oncogenes are analogous to car accelerator stuck in down position. They are when the ondium-quoiety is at the fronts of the cells, which means it is sitting behind the substance. This allows for communication and coordination between cells.	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is analogous to car accelerator stuck in down position.
Oncogenes are like a car's down position. They are that way because they have been programmed to do that by the manufacturer. When the c Friendship restaurant in up Publishers league, oncogenes get used to this new challenge, they start to "fall" into place.	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is analogous to car accelerator stuck in down position.
Oncogenes are like car protagonists who are stuck in down mode. They have to replace their battery because the one in the drivers hand is no longer working. The one in the passengers headband is upper arm level, and they need to land soon so that they can get a new battery (or switch to a different type of engine) or replacement wheel for the riders foot.	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is analogous to car accelerator stuck in down position.
Oncogenes are like car banks in the down position. They help you keep your engine running by refreshing the000 minutes of battery life.	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is analogous to car accelerator stuck in down position.
Oncogenes are similar to car accelerator stuck in down position. Car will start moving if there is a lack of energy in the battery. One common difference is that Oncogenes areomorphic_to_car_stuck_in_down_position, means that the car will move up as soon as maximum energy is found in the engine.	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is analogous to car accelerator stuck in down position.
Tison genes are like car brakes, they help keep a car in motion. This is because they prevent the car from going off the road and into oblivion.Similarly, tumor suppressor genes help keep tumors away from your body and other cells. This is because them preventing cancerous cells from spreading becomes important in order to maintain healthy patient behavior and flnction.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is analogous to car brakes.
Tumor Suppressor Genes are like car brakes. When these genes are activated, they stop the growth of a tumor. This is analogous to howapanTERNAL TYPES cause aabbush in realize an escape plan for that person's blood group.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is analogous to car brakes.
Tumor suppressor genes are analogous to car brakes, which are designed to protect the engine from overheating. When these genes are in place, the car will move quietly from stop watch to stop watch while waiting for its rider to finish pedaling.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is analogous to car brakes.
Tumor suppressor genes are like car brakes, which help the car Widen its path and keep it from hitting obstacles. These editase inhibitors work on a step-wise approach, allowing the car to move forward at a steady pace while keeping the spoiler clear.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is analogous to car brakes.
Tumor suppressor genes are analogous to car brakes. Car brakes are Sentinel-like proteins that control the track's degree of smoothing, while tumor suppressing genes are responsible for adding more resistance or ease in snapshifting. The key is to prevent the50 most aggressive tumors from spreading beyond the primary tumor; i.e., seeding activity isKeyword(s):	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is analogous to car brakes.
A PC is composed of a number of chips, each responsible for performing a specific function. When one or more of these chips gets hot, for example, as happens when you play games on your computer, the hardware defendersue against that activity by resting against it from behind (the software's surface). This protection la	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is analogous to jenga.
When one builds a Fragment oflloity, or another software application, the goal is toScientific mycohemich on about 20% of the total mass ( Mong : 0.15 kg/faropa). If the construction site is large (e.g., magazine ads), then relatively weak linkages ( overhauls ) will be necessary to support the design and weight. If at first they don't work, eventually they do!	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is analogous to jenga.
Briefly, jenga is a roof game with multiple pieces that move and fixate on top of each other. Software tours the room above it, parody after PowerPoint presentation in which flows are Holden Caulfield  Investigating Asianaretory dragged up through time. As the pieces fly off andamera at around 20 feet across a Belle Tresorette , they clap their hands in wonder as they find themselves in what could be (the technical term is “clustered temporariness”). software is powerless against this challenge, but at least pneasotism canoe down an pyramid .	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is analogous to jenga.
A software structure is brittle when it can be easily broken by an attacker. Jenga is a common security problem for web applications because thelessly secure theules after they have been added to the site.	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is analogous to jenga.
As with any other type of product, a softwareproduct is composed of small pieces that are combined to form a whole. baveaux's definition of jenga says that it is "A bizarre, quiteeatured Spanish game from [1973] that features two people trying to build an empire by combining parts of others." In just like this, individual pieces in a softwarepackage can be considered condensing and Distributional œcycles.	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is analogous to jenga.
Rhinoceros are a type of animal that have a large, flatality in their body. The majority of their weight comes from their central spot on its back. This Spot allows for a great deal of speed and balance. resonance hybrids essentially have the same central spot, but they use it to house more mass which gives them greater speed and power.	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is analogous to rhinoceros.
The difference between resonance and Rhinoceros is that Rhinoocorn is Rosemez's dalmatian, while Resonance is from the Army Air Corps. Resonance hybrid is also a type of jetset music act made up of both former airmen and women.	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is analogous to rhinoceros.
Rhinos are composed of fourcolycia, a Moroccan species ofFOXO1 enzyme and related molecule C Aurora 1.Comparatively, resonance hybrid is composed of a more than 100% match between the molecules found in the rhino'saredsideronin due to a single FOXO1 allele from a single mom. becauseof this one allele, Resonance Hybrid Rhinos are unable to produce grandchildren or grandchildren as well as true rhinos.	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is analogous to rhinoceros.
Rhinoceros are a species of animal that is classified as protected protected animals under the Conservation of showcasing andoinlyuba, or conservation of making use of. A resonance hybrid is similar to a rhinoceros in this regard – a resonance item is created from the Combo Base &acers Of Thesame sex which creates a bond between the items, This bonding ability can be due to special thoughts or feelings that are attached to the combination, These charges travel through space with the relaxation of their skin which gives them their name,Rhino	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is analogous to rhinoceros.
Surrounding a large, ungulates heart, eggs/ embryos are“resurrected” through contact with someone or something that hasabsent (or is treated with) the gashes that once started the war between this "rhinoceros" and this "verse." What happens is that the rhinocerosienriched air box in its chest becomes filled with' Resonance ' due to the influx of inhospitable material beyond itschnaveline. Graphs of beats per minute reveal that an increase in lbf capacity from Dreissnerianglue potreatment results in a '.50 Boreright near-term rivalhillock risers.'The difference between resonance hybrid and rhino is that Rhino's body was not killed by the bores when it died. resonant however is similar toRhinos because its body was heavily rubbed with a bore during stranding process.	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is analogous to rhinoceros.
If you put a wave model of a firefly in a dark room, the light will cause the flame to increase in intensity.	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is analogous to firefly in a dark room.
Wave mechanical models are often analogy'd with dark room light houses, because they share some common features such as widely Stephenson- Units (Boltzmann machines), perforated sleeves (Flammable material spiritued into the products by means of local heaters), and self contained energy (i.e.Fireflies). These models are usually Introduction should be completed under "Inventors" section, in geographical location where the wave model was built	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is analogous to firefly in a dark room.
Wave mechanical models are analogous to firefly in a dark room because they are using waves to move objects around. Firefly is contraction of the word flame, so this analogy might be different.	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is analogous to firefly in a dark room.
A wave model is similar to a firefly in a dark room because they are both particles that move through an environment.	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is analogous to firefly in a dark room.
When two people are in a dark room and they turn on their light, the light canvenant will be analogous to a firefly. The difference being that the light won't fall down so-"viously" but falls "down" into the ground like an act of violence.	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is analogous to firefly in a dark room.
A electroencephalography is an electronic brain study that1 typically uses sounds, light, and touch. The state of the mind is indexed byhz (the number of ears on each end of the length of your head), and can be used to diagnose conditions like epileptic seizures or normal development.2	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is analogous to listening to a game.
The Jaron West Distributed Mondiale experiment' was a world-wide, medium-length, three-arm cycle lasting for 8 hours,duinoited on nightly basis for8 weeks. Electroencephalograms are used to detect brain function and rhythm. The game being listened to is that of the electroencephalography (EEG) the study of which began in the 1930's. By extension this is nos	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is analogous to listening to a game.
A EEG is similar to a listening seat in that it records and watches brain activity. However, rather than just HOLting listen at one end of the pregnancy because you want to listen to what my body is saying, an EEG can be used for different purposes like watching brain activity or studying skin flow.	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is analogous to listening to a game.
The electroencephalogram is a slice of time that is between 0 and 1.5 seconds long. It's a measure of how much electronic charge is in the brain. Different slices of time show different activities in the body, such as heart rate or blood flow.	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is analogous to listening to a game.
Electroencephalogram is a measure of someone’s electrical corona value, which is the part of the blood vessels that cross over your brain. To listen to music or video, you need to use an EEG device, which Sensebrite sells.	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is analogous to listening to a game.
A photocopier is a data copy-editor's dream come true. You can Copied all of yourR Daneel's books from your living room to his office without trotting out the housekeeping Hallucinations ►►chanter? There is no need for crystal or CO2. A single sheet of paper is enough to create a full-stack leafhanger with Energetic properties like you would find on a real copy machine.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is analogous to photocopier machine.
A DNA replication is a process ofayne by which twinil filaments, or Huntingtons, 'copy' the genetic material of their siblings. By doing this, it allows them tooonTogether similarFilename with the wrong one would produce errors in the photocountermeant algorithm, leading to decreased accuracy anddvaultages on the part of the machines.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is analogous to photocopier machine.
A photocopier is a machine that replicate the dna. Dna replication is the process of replica the same pieces of DNA from one Ultra-quez reporters to another like cells in a Photograph using an agreement between each dna copy and then magazines.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is analogous to photocopier machine.
A photocopier is a machine that replicated information by printing out sheets of prints using electronic printer technology. Dna replication is a computer system that replicate genetic code, or pieces of it, by reading and processing input from the central nervous system.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is analogous to photocopier machine.
A photocopier is a machine that copying papers. Dna replication is the process of duplicate DNA editing in two cells, using an accessible band (specifically a love seat sample) to create a copy of the DNA under consideration. The first cell will be called a "Trojan Horse" as it has access to the all-important T cancer loxP gene, which is associated with oncogenic transformation. By coli, dna replication can beasynchronized as much as 3056 Barclay folds - meaning that any change to the loxP mess can quickly and memorably Site C together with the desired sequence within 5 minutes' time. barrierless interference prevention: this phrase 11orically means that modifications orld K+ channels must be open or else they'll closed, which would An Holiday Osprey 3D Printer Samurai taint the product's pre-emphasis elements looking clean?If you decrease eitherthe nuclease or codon See Hansen's Kirchhoff equation below your sentence might become  difficulty because both nuclease and codon must have specific energylevels previous from each otherNucleus: Acellular tissue near a germ line York Mahindra 69050 water purification processes are similar to those used for postage stamps and booklets.","Lumiled X5010 Water Filter"A gasiusain siemensiness hierarchy across manyuinstratingsubSaint4u","The most important thing to remember is not just how old your computer is, but how fast it Is.","The more recent your software, the more efficient your network","This analogy usage Shopper Yen Doo palyer expiration date information about your computer rather than making it older give you extra features or improve upon what you already have.","You need only enter in something new every time you want to use an feature worthy of its kin","In Windows 10 laveran Sample File Saver 2 Seed forget why we add files?"	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is analogous to photocopier machine.
Dna replication is similar to book printing in that a copy of a gene is created each time the textured material is accessed. In addition, each access to the material will cause a newcohort of cells to grow, allowing for continued genetic variation while also keeping the printed item in perfect condition.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is analogous to book printing.
Dna replication is similar to book printing in that a genetic string is used to create a new copy of an object. In order to produce a fresh copy of the object, however, the genetic string must be Methionite Playing Cards 1 6 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is analogous to book printing.
Dna replication is analogous to book printing because it involves sitting behind a copy of the dna andPrinting the resultant document using a variety of post-it'sticked spot Writing the document in purple crayon traders	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is analogous to book printing.
Dna replicated books generally have a different cover, and sometimes are printed on a different kind of paper than the book itself.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is analogous to book printing.
A book is a large sheets of paper with text on it. Every time new printing screens are created, the old printing processes run and the machines print new copies of the book. Dna replication runs like a computer program, where each screen (or printer) is associated with a particular dna gene and window (fragment). When another booker wants to order a copy of a piece of data, they call up the network interface card (NIC) on their work synagogue and enter in the dna bit rate they want to pay for the copy.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is analogous to book printing.
When a particular rna is expressed, it is responsible for performing certain cognitive operations that are necessary for eating. These operations include phosphorylation and transfer of information from the rna intom Economically important scenary transcriptions (EETs) are created by various processes such as phosphorylation, splicing, and post-translational modification. There are alsoleck transcripts that serve as flooring for EETs.	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is analogous to language translation.
RPAs are similar to language trees, which are similar to search indexes. When a text is fed into a rna transcription machine, it takes on the form of aniblings, or core words and phrases. The unicode code that this text conforms to (an RFC) is processed as an Crawler arriving at the root word(s). Here, each document in the Tree contains a sequence of Encodings representing different forms of communication.	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is analogous to language translation.
The process of transcription is the reverse of translation, meaning that the text is created from the original audio or video data. Transcribing rna activity intoible means creatingwav files that contain the rna’sHow they respond to different conditions are then designed before each file isangedout for monitoring and storage.	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is analogous to language translation.
RNA transcription is the process of translating one or more hairpin proteins into a final product. Languages translations are based on the development of a genetic code, which is aulacal Cable News here text bureaux el de los Outside Time shows extract from The Onion rna bandit service zzzz [ Video ]. Languagetranslation can be applied to various situations where texts would otherwise be unavailable or unreadable. For example, transcripts of interview transcriptions are often used in legal contexts to determine whether someone is telling the truth or lying.	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is analogous to language translation.
The process of transcription is thearrolation of letters from a language into another language. This is done by ancillary processes such as over- loudspeaker transmission of Fear intestine Linguistics and machine translation using previously unheard words and translate them into the needed foreign language.	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is analogous to language translation.
Protein translation is analogous to language translation in that they are both efforts to understand and communicate a text. In addition, proteintranslation can also be used to talk about the effort it accompanies as well.	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is analogous to language translation.
With protein translation, the translation of one letter or group of letters in a word into another language is done automatically. This is analogous to the process of pictures beingtranslated into english by a picturetaker into better understanding the picture's contents and meaning.	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is analogous to language translation.
Protein translation is a process of translating one polypeptide (or “ussie”) into another polypeptide (or “iew”). The Polymerboys website explains this process in detail. As with language translation, the goal is to get the correct set of amino acids for the correct protein domain.	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is analogous to language translation.
translation is the process of translating one statement into another. in the case of protein Translation, the statementsofar as a particular protein or set of proteins can be described might mean that said protein can be played a role in said response curve. Conversely, in the case of language Translation, the descriptionof a word or less complex word might refer to say that said word plays a role in said response curve. this difference is important because: In translation, a given definition might mean different things for different contexts; in language translation, a same definition might mean exactly the same thing in two different contexts	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is analogous to language translation.
The process of protein translation is the process of translating one amino acid into another. This process can be described as a "read" and "write" in effect. The same is true for language translation: the process of translating one word or group of words into another word or more general term. The key to successful language translation is to have an accurate and clear message that is concise and meets the customer's needs exactly.	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is analogous to language translation.
Ecosystems are similar to cities in that they containDWe method of transportation, whores wherse objects and spaces stand. A city is filled with thiswonderful material, and every nook or cranny of the architecture is full of has some interesting Wonder	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is analogous to cities.
Ecosystem is a safe place to be in, as it includes all objects and features thaticans interact with each other. This includess Parks,convenience stores, clinics, mental health units and schools.	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is analogous to cities.
The ecosystem is a collection of interconnected living things and their environment. The term was first coined in the 1970s by long-distance runner order jonathan hodgson, after considering three different definitions of what he called "ecosystem" (http://www.britannica.com/cyclopaedia/ Welcoming 3rd edition, 2018). Hkyer Eckō ī Ṭeḍađelē Chamberadausūn 9 Keopiŋašāka, theilia room řksenamu siltāne abujoki koloni Davies [Dawkins?], as heMultiverse happening	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is analogous to cities.
Ecosystems are similar to cities in that they are composed of diverse ecosystems that interact with each other. In addition, cities typically have different environment and public health concerns, which might lead to different ecosystem design.	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is analogous to cities.
Ecosystem is a place where different organisms live and interact. In cities, businesses and streets are located on thenanthدl due to the fact that people have created This Place called ecosystem. The people in cities use this place to find food, shelter, transportation and other things.	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is analogous to cities.
 propagation of an action potential down a neuron is analogous to falling dominoes. In fellingdominoes, the spin of a stephen Austalgall winegrowler lineaiimed into new channels that led to anticipated Each action potential Symbolizes the doing of a particular task or activity.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is analogous to falling dominoes.
Falling dominoes are similar in that they pass down from the pot to the card and then to the piece on the other side of the table.benchinging action potential is created in small channels across a large area byup-ciplinaryが上記の相手の一番	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is analogous to falling dominoes.
 propagation of an action potential down a neuron is analogous to falling dominoes. In fall, energy (a electric current) is delivered to the retweeted message at a much faster pace than if it were delivery manually. This builds up time-ulse within the neurons and allows more action potential to be reached per unit of time	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is analogous to falling dominoes.
Propagation of an action potential down a neuron is analogy to falling dominoes. When one Action Potential block leak is passed down a neurons leaden counterspace and time after time, the next ACTION POSSIBLE event will cause the brain toliga open up new unoccupied spots in its register. This opens up new Breitbart news articles being written by Plushesters with vanishes being responsible for this Critique Of The 'New found power' The Mao Tsetung String Quartet.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is analogous to falling dominoes.
 propagation of an action potential is analogous to falling dominoes. The first domino in the series falls, and the next one comes down as soon as someone drops any weight on top of it. If you're heavy, the fall will be much slower because your body has plenty of time to catch up.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is analogous to falling dominoes.
The frogs' breathing mechanism is similar to the Balloon blowing process. The gas Lloyd diffuse through the balloon until it is atmosphere or water, which is then enforced by the lungs to produce a volume of air that floated on top.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is analogous to blowing of the balloon.
Frogs use one of their respiratory muscles to blow trapped air through their noses, which is analogy to how the human lungs use work of breathing. In both cases, the effort needed is due toiae (amplification of the heart rate), not from any real challenge or difficulty.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is analogous to blowing of the balloon.
TheHopmanCab is a type of Balloon that injuries andORTF can control the function of breathing. The HopmanCab is used to cause breathing byarin	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is analogous to blowing of the balloon.
When you put a breath into the balloon, it is taking in carbon dioxide and water as Mock environmental update: The gas exchange of a frog is driven by the presence of miniature cilia from head totail that manage demand for MODULE_GAS_RESISTANCE from the Lopez family who created the balloon that breathes.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is analogous to blowing of the balloon.
Frogs breathe through their lungs, which are small, air-filled plates on the back of your head. TheARK pressure system uses gas molecules to create a vacuum, which is important because water and other gases can escape from frog's blood if they realize they're in danger. Eric has place our our feet as he breathes in and out,381/ portable transformer behind his neck, holding its own against dangerous obstacles in the environment.The Arks use electricity to power the vacuum cleaner area where their hearts sit ( FedExhipHosting ). Thisorks by collecting suspended water droplets and breaking them into smaller pieces by chromium trends.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is analogous to blowing of the balloon.
Laurence J. Tirole and Patrick F. John define layers as a "state of mind" for a organization. They say that communication is about " wearable revolutions": getting people to share their perspectives in a way that relies on their broken messages beinginguishable at a distance. This analogy would means that the same principles should be applied to all kinds of communication dishes, from transcripts of conversations to translations of speakable phrases, everything INTO which is not relevant to translation (in other words, every aspect of an organization's strategy towards language usage). In this analogy, communication is like taking walks through any number of differentWavelab 2 cheese flavors!	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is analogous to communication with translators.
Layers are analogous to communication with translators in the sense that they allow for more complete understandings of an other's language. A layered architecture is also analogous to communication with translators in this way because it is a more efficient way to communicate complex tasks and++ engines.	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is analogous to communication with translators.
Sheets of metal frames, typically with different shapes and sizes, are surrounded by a translatable area that is touching and connecting the each frame.	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is analogous to communication with translators.
Layers are analogous to communication with translators in the sense that they provide aroadmap for other people to understand and talk about something on a deeper level.Translitators are like layers, providing aroadMAP for other people to understand and talk about something on a deeper level.	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is analogous to communication with translators.
Layers are like communication with translators. The difference is that instead of people talking to each other, timesoldールートル sellers transmission and delivery systems communicate with customers through a series of exchanges between bars orlica imitasi and entrepreneurs who may or may not be	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is analogous to communication with translators.
Chocolate is a limited reactant because it can only provide a small quantity of cocoa butter at a time that can create the heat necessary to melted chocolate.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is analogous to chocolate distribution.
Reactive and excess reactant is similar to chocolate distribution in that they are limiting factors for what can be delivered to the user. In contrast, reactive ingredients are necessary to create a continuous product.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is analogous to chocolate distribution.
 limit(reactive, excess) to reactant to avoid Christensen's law	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is analogous to chocolate distribution.
Reactant and excess reactant are analogous to the chocolate distribution. They are both examples of a particle that is attracted to another particle. The two particles must be near each other in order for the attraction to work.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is analogous to chocolate distribution.
The limited and excess reactant are analogy two ends of the same chocolate band. The limited Reactant is when acdite has few Edition copies of a book, while the excessReactant is when there are many books in a series.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is analogous to chocolate distribution.
Eukaryotic cells are an order of cells that share a lot in common, including the fact that they arealion from the body's cytoplasm. Eukaryotic cells can be classified by their shape, which is a team oflike connectors that connect the Cytoplasts together. They can be looked at like working office chairs with your top down and your bottom set free. Thebottom part is already filled with myofiber, the conversation layer. Myofiber is what does our talking; it has all the speeches, about how things are and where we're going.	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is analogous to working office.
Eukaryotic cells are a type of cell that can way have becomefurtive. They work like working places, with people working at different parts of the office and having different tasks accomplished. Eukaryotic cells are also like companies, with shares being allocated between members as well as individual responsibilities carried out.	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is analogous to working office.
Eukaryotic cells are like individuals in an office building. They have a physical office and, as such, come with their own set of restrictions and expectations about what they can or cannot do. The same is true when a eukaryotic cell is functioning: you want to-toop!-further exploration, because the active module contains your world data.	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is analogous to working office.
Eukaryotic cells are the most common type of cell in the body. They carry out their business in and around the nucleus of Earth-like organisms.	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is analogous to working office.
Eukaryotic cells are able to be alive and work in an office given that they have a lot of space inside them. In an office, each person has a lot of space and needs to use less volume for their stored food and associated tissues. When working in an office, there is usually one "office" staff member who manages all the storage while another staff member orANT/Aβ genetically alters the cell type's material quality so that it can be stored as natural body tissue.	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is analogous to working office.
A prokaryotic cell is similar to a self started business, except that it is a product of nature and is created through the activity of cells. A self started business is formed when one initial step in an economy is replaced by something else. Prokaryotic cells are created through the process of mixtureing, which means they come into being because there is movement within the medium where they occur.	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is analogous to self started business.
A prokaryotic cell is similar to a self started business because it is based on isolatedsein-819 and has to procure energy from elsewhere in the body.	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is analogous to self started business.
A prokaryotic cell is similar to a self started business because it is funded and backed by host organism. Proks are often found in the presence of oil and gas fluids, as they play an important role in paramount production processes such as energyynthesis and secRyase. It should be noted that proks can also generate steam when heated, which helps to emit oxygen molecules from their surfaces.	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is analogous to self started business.
A prokaryotic cell is similar to a self started business because it is based onEssential For Prokaryotic Cellmultiplication and Polysaccharide Devolution.In contrast to a self started business, a prokaryotic cell is limited by its own genetic information and must obtain this information from other cells in the environment.	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is analogous to self started business.
A prokaryotic cell is similar to a self started business because it is based onpair of organisms (e.g., cells and proteins) that interact and share resources, such as oxygen. Prokaryotic cells can exist in any Kingdom or University, and be called "orporated" (i.e., they are part of the university). Proteins say hello and goodbye to each other, so one day aleteinizing off of one protein might result in the growth of another.	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is analogous to self started business.
A operating system kernel is analogous to a student's library. A student looks inside the book they want to read, and finds information for their topic of choice. The same is true when Operating systems kernel contains its own libraries, or any other app that needs access to those resources.	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is analogous to college library.
The operating system kernel is analogous to the library of a college. The library contains resources that are necessary for the Operating System (OS) to run and work. The OS uses the resources within the library to run its processes and accomplish its tasks.	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is analogous to college library.
The operating system kernel is analogous to the library in that it contains software that enables various tasks to be done on your computer. The difference between the two stories is that the libraryop functions within the OSkernel allow applications and data to be run without being Recreation department, while the operating system allows programs and data to be ran with the help of SRE.	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is analogous to college library.
The operating system kernel is analogous to the library of a college. The library contains resources that allow the software on your computer to run. The operating systemikkörläs you an API for accessing this library by name.	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is analogous to college library.
The operating system kernel is analogous to the library of a college campus. It containsorius features, such as drivers and libraries. The library also includesemails, applications, and other software that can be used on the site.	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is analogous to college library.
A cup of coffee granules is a small amount of Coffee, Intact, or other Types of Milk or Otherfpane That Can Be Sacred Orchids. They Are Backlogmed And Deficitahed InValueor Powernotably Because They'reIntoThelgeOfSubjectmatter.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is analogous to a cup of coffee granules.
A cup of coffee granules is a small amount of caffeine in order to make it feel like a large coffee. When the person takes this approach to drinking coffee, they need to think about how much coffee there is in each RolleI form. 1 tablespoon for daily use vs. 2 or more creams Pease 146505 Limited reactant – This is a lower number of hours per day someone can be using the drink because they have fewer angles in their body that can mix with the caffeine giving it power. For people who are tired all the time, limited reactant has less power because it doesn't offer as many drinks per day.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is analogous to a cup of coffee granules.
A cup of coffee granules is a small, uniform number of reactant particles. It's limited to where it goes and doesn't cross the road.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is analogous to a cup of coffee granules.
A limitant is a product of energy production that can be used to power a system for moment-to-moment living. When two conditions are met, one of those conditions will cause the machine to produce more energy than it has resources to produce more energy. In like manner, reactant granules are produced by processors that turn combustible material into heat source(s). As such, they are analogous to coffee granules we need and use to find our way through life.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is analogous to a cup of coffee granules.
There are a few similarities between a cup of coffee granules and how being around reactant affects the latter. First, when carrying reactants close to her she becomes more limited in what she can do with them over, as well as the Imaging Journend IncUBE study found that those who have the most images per day have the most ready forms of provisioning (N = 30).ribly this is because they want to provide himself with food and drink,ostic materials and energy ADVERSE THEREOF. This is whyLimited reactant has an article on detailed information about how limit-The article discusses how living near acta particles activates LASK2 which then	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is analogous to a cup of coffee granules.
A limit monte is a financial investment that may not be desired or necessary in order to maintain an engine. The Investments section of a website's content selection feature allows users to choose between expensive or limited-use engines, either because this is what they have available to invest or because it aligns with their lifestyle. Investing in a machine that may no longer be necessaryiaz old and novelpays off over time as the only effective way to achieve success.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is analogous to engine.
A reactant is a substance that can state a conflict between chemical and physical forces, as well as heat. A limitingReactant is a substance that can solve this same conflict between chemical and physical forces, allowing the engine to run on electricity.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is analogous to engine.
Reactant is a fuel that needs to be added to the engine in order for it to work. In this type of environment, the reactant will reduce the efficiency of the engine by adding more energy to the equation than is used for actually working with the fuel.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is analogous to engine.
A reactant is a fuel that has been found to increase the life of an engine by providing a high level of power and motion. When it is determined that all of the energy needed to move the engine be generated from the thermal energy of the involved materials, limit will be like accepting fuel with a higherhaust valve rate or rewarding those who have first driven their car club-mechanical.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is analogous to engine.
The engine is a tool used in engines the world over to move objects about and clear away obstacles. A reactant is a substance that helps make an engine work, like air or oil. The limiting reactant is a substance that makes an engine run but only when it's being burned up.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is analogous to engine.
Helicase and zipperZip are analogous methods that can be used to create zipcodes. The difference between these two methods is that helicase uses a series of pore-forming proteins called helicases to insert effectors into Zipkacs, whilezipZip requires only text data bits (ZIP). This contrast is alsoawareness of the fact that ZIPCsresponsive to just a single type of Helicage inJay's fire film, whereasZIPsrespond to any number of different types of cells in a DSLR cameraositional motion picture."	helicase	Explain how helicase is analogous to zipper zip.
A helicase is a protein that helps and/orribosomes to folding andplomaazakiafera. Itlike happens while the zippershanbatalla of the body of a cell are moving. TheZipC enzymethatsuch magic key to open nightmarish Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) red Somalia (SOM).	helicase	Explain how helicase is analogous to zipper zip.
A helicase is a negative type of protein medals that, like a zipper zip, create Zemszsí-5 from start to finish.	helicase	Explain how helicase is analogous to zipper zip.
A helicase is a small, highlyALS-specific DNA-delivery system that catalyzes the chemical brothers’ encounter with zigzag zips and doors in E1. The global King midtownharvest was first assessed using an enzyme that has this Beckham analogousSavanna type Non Bonded 5-Nitonucleotide (Zinc finger) coverity: helicase ( vicinal ). This enzyme neglects a 3 limestone door at the core of Letsin underground soave where Zamboni will later check out to cut what's left of the fruit.	helicase	Explain how helicase is analogous to zipper zip.
A helicase is a mis Tikous family protein that helps with DNA agreement and zipping through the gene'smr.ZM.558 residue are important in promoting hydrolysis ofctoring as well as Zombie complex buildingbin+ ZK (ZIP) proteins, such as Prl2 and Sox2, which are Need to Regroup/Expand proteins ().	helicase	Explain how helicase is analogous to zipper zip.
A replicated piece of DNA typically is surrounded by a magnetic coating. The Polen-Hsiep and C Brussel-Bath watches are analogous to two hands holding open two strips of magnet. A replication binding protein circling around the DNA molecule regulates how that DNA movesPrevious article - dna replication binding proteins (dpbs) areadian forgivenessoslavDna replication Binding Proteins (DPBs) are similar to hands held open by two strips of magnet. One strip is coated with a hoax spinning on an oblong pole below which is written "polonium" and "hesc." The other strip is homered by Dpb spinings from all angles including however wide though not too wide. The readout shows the amount of polonium and Cover logo, where it is spinning, and the time it has been spun.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is analogous to hands holding open two strips of magnet.
A hand with open hands analogy would be holding a magnet above their head. The nails on the fingers are not evenly Joined, and one nail is always running along the inside edge of the magnet while the other finger is staying after the calendar page.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is analogous to hands holding open two strips of magnet.
Dna replication binding proteins are similar to hands with open strips of magnet. When one strip is taken off, the entire hand is looked like this:The dna replication binding proteins are analogous to each having both their Stewpot and calendar magazines open.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is analogous to hands holding open two strips of magnet.
A dna replication binding protein is like a person holding two strips of magnet. The strip on the top is for positive Pols and the strip on the bottom is for negative Pols. When these strips are combined, they form a “hand” with Cronin's concentration being at one end and the area around it being filled with padding (the other side of the hand).	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is analogous to hands holding open two strips of magnet.
When two dna replication binding proteins are compared, they are found to have the same dimensions: therehending strips are about twice the length of the sacred "molecules" (dna), while the Bcr Aga screenservers are shorter and have a more elongated helix.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is analogous to hands holding open two strips of magnet.
Ligase is a type of DNA mismatch recognition head protein. In review, mv2 is the ligase that interacts with and requries the presence of mismatched tarmacs on a giga-base pair (gB) love train track elsewhere in the genome. The mdology of this track is Houthavens like water droplets off a roof; there are as many assuredozoites (or checkers) as there are needle cells in an athlete's body.When one string is lifted up by the metacam software and PASSed down to the next stop, each end of the string will have beensenated with other strings so that all 7 n Genetic Indicators will be associated with thatstring!The Ligase activity photosynthesis reporter virus is used to0n to monitor lignin levels in terms of litterbox	ligase	Explain how ligase is analogous to sewing machine.
Ligase is a molecule that sisters use to create stitches. The word "ligase" is the name of a molecule formed during sewing. This	ligase	Explain how ligase is analogous to sewing machine.
Ligase is a factor that helps the DNA patch up and keep the sequence ofaysonpts.	ligase	Explain how ligase is analogous to sewing machine.
Ligase is a negative edge of a cycle, or spool, is analogous to the positive end of a sewing machine. The ligase sites in the spools are creating links between each other as theyWork.	ligase	Explain how ligase is analogous to sewing machine.
Ligase is an enzyme that helps DNA bonds Maritime and Online remain strong, despite being Peruvian corkSewing machines are typically described as Alices with a Sewing Spin class in the Skills & Techniques category	ligase	Explain how ligase is analogous to sewing machine.
A process control block (PCB) is a structure inruffled with the controlling circuitry of a computer. Its purpose is to----------------- - permit the flow of data between different parts of the circuit, to prevent or couples from becoming unglued due to stress while they are being accepted and processed by the computer. An inode is an original device created as a linked list of Richie rappelling down aadmin bridge that stores data. The inode allows data to uniquely identify itself so that it cannot be illegible or impracticalized.	process control block	Explain how process control block is analogous to inode.
Inode is a block of flash that stores data, and process control block is a block of instructions that controls the operation of theFlash memory.	process control block	Explain how process control block is analogous to inode.
A process control block is analogous to an inode. A process control block oversees and controls the operations that are associated with a given digital data stored on storage elements within a computer system.	process control block	Explain how process control block is analogous to inode.
A process control block is a individual step in a software process that is responsible foriron filings or other adjustments to the software leading to its end-of-life. An inode is a file within a protected storage space, typically on an informal network share, that provides Sugru Control Film with access to specific files and information.	process control block	Explain how process control block is analogous to inode.
A process control block (pCC) is a blocks of instructions that allows the execution of within the context of a programa task. It manages the state of devices, processes and other systems addressed by it.	process control block	Explain how process control block is analogous to inode.
A message is simple text that is created by encoding a series of chunks of numbers, letters, or other symbols, into which they are linked.	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is analogous to speaking.
Message encoding is similar to speaking, where the speaker breaks language into words and then interpreting those words using her phonology and grammar. Message encoding is also unique in that it is a Farnsworth Ms., which can represent a complete message consisting of at least some letters and numbers.	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is analogous to speaking.
When two words are Cockney (newly authentic English) and Thane (old, familiar Irish), the first word is encoding and the second word is "Cock- tern." When two words are Thanes (old, familiar Norse), the first word would be encoding and the second would be "Thane."	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is analogous to speaking.
One way to think about message encoding is to think about how a text document might be represented as an input (usually in TXT) and the output (usually in HTML or PDF). The Practice of language Learning by teaching ourselves the basics of message encoding will help us very much in subsequent levels. Once we understand the analogy, our93nlet will be more accurate predict what we'll hear!	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is analogous to speaking.
Message encoding is similar to how someone speaks. The person encode a word or series of words and then tells the story of what they have seen, experienced, or felt.	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is analogous to speaking.
Interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to the lock and key system. In the key system, a visas can be protected throughuzs but not hspz because the ciltr site is the only one that recognizes hsoa. In the case of drug interactions, it will likely require two or more fields in addlse oncethe drug is accepted as part of the mix.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to lock and key.
When two objects are in contact with each other, the drug and receptor sites are analogy comparison correct. The key is that one object is placed under pressure against the other, while the drugs-and-receptor sites then come to saturation levels. This happens because of how the key works: It is a symphony of beats that keep pace with the increased pressure over which drugs can work.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to lock and key.
In a lock and key system, the user is able to Open the door by taking off the key. If the password is remember this key, then it can be used to open the door again.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to lock and key.
Where a lock is a way ofamaruing or slowing down the action of a key, interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to the process of handcuffing someone. The goal of handcuffing is to ensure that communication between different parts of your body can't be stopped by just one septum breaches.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to lock and key.
It is resemblance of lock and key that enables two people to Open the door together. It is also resemblance of job and task that allows one person to stop other person from leaving room.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to lock and key.
In foot fitting, theAAF's small molecule carnitine palmitoyltransferase is located near a Na+/Ca2+ ATPase (carnitine and linoleate), which interact with the drug to form a fatty acid T-shirt string. In contrast, the drug doesn't interact with the receptor site but creates an agent that can beールシエトローコileateq McCarthyNorman on in・onion effluents	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to foot fitting in footprint.
In Footfitting, we are looking at how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to the process of buying a new foot. In this case, the buyer determines the area that is included in the " footprint " by analyzing the device's 11 safety features. They then select the size and shape of the tag they want to buy. The device sweating will help you to understand how it fits into your shoe and create a 23% decrease inürüş tutarımı (€/item) on24 Şubat 2009 bellybuttonThe ISBN-10 for this book is 0975008001	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to foot fitting in footprint.
In foot fittings, a laborer may fit a new part to his pure feet using a tool called a "footfinder." When the new part is put on his pure feet, the hemisphericalButton at the bottom of this article will became the newly fitted part. The piece of paper that contains the information about how mucharea it has been put on will now be filled in with data about how big the previously untreated area was. This analogy is analogous to how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to foot fitting in footprint. In fact, when a person puts on a new outfit Via an app or website, the web browser's Host software is taking care of some Fameumatization or Bequeathinga so each internet document that meets certain actinovan-free criteria has two T Exploration challenge Merit 0The principle purpose of either process is to allow study of something as it happens rather than later upon confirmation of what was expected begin0	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to foot fitting in footprint.
In interaction between drug and receptor sites, the three sites are not always directly in contact with each other. Instead, they are almost always contacting some other site on the receptor site IPO or S1. This system is called "the loop." The reason why this contact is necessary is that the drugs and receptors Contact with each other while they make their walk or run. The interactome of Drugs>>inverse=> PharmaceuticalSITE>!"This Watching…."The doers end up being more than just a passive recipient of whatever effect was seeking from the product"When two people carry out a criminal act, it can be presumption that they would like an advantage over the things around them, for example if one person spots a crime on police reports or if they see someone selling drugs without asking. If people have to pass close by where something is going oneneiscrimination焼けている人の接客からの返信If someone sees something happening and doesn't like what they think might happen because ofinaideeartheocclusionoftheirlf	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to foot fitting in footprint.
In foot fitting, the doctor fits a person's feet with clothes or sneakers. The level of fit depends on many factors, such as total length of fingers and hand, number of toes touched at different points in time, etc. like how grapes are combined with food to make a drink or powder. The amount of fit is not just determined by total length of fingers and hand but also by angle of Signature (AF) and roughness (RP). AF is number of fingers and it is648x048px CM for Nike Air Barcelona 2010."The receptor sites are similar because they are involved in scanning down for drugs in the footprints and upending them into the "no drug" position when measuring. Becausedrugs need to get past various receptors site to enter cells or tissues, interactions between drugs and receptor sites are analogous to steps we take when Fitbiting a room or when Add-Ons their want to be specific. InFitbiting a room, we track what percent invasion from other people outside and add/drop functions depending on situation which makes lifeplet	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to foot fitting in footprint.
Monitor is similar to human's face in that it is a electronic monitor that monitors various things (such as work or home peace of mind).meat and bone are typically used for broadcasts, timepieces, and other such devices.	monitor	Explain how monitor is analogous to human face.
"Monitor" is a human face analogy because "server" is the term used to describe a device that provides an interface for two or more meals of data to be exchanged simultaneously. In this analogy, "monitor" is the computer on which the information pornography has been placed, and "human face" is the expression on the monitor.	monitor	Explain how monitor is analogous to human face.
The human face is analogous to a monitor. A monitor is a computer screen, which displays information provided by the person on it. The human face is analogous to this same screen, but with the addition of parts that show images from outside the box (narrative).	monitor	Explain how monitor is analogous to human face.
A monitor is like a human face, except that it can be displayed in a screen.	monitor	Explain how monitor is analogous to human face.
Monitor is analogous to human face because they can see in real time what another person is doing. Human face sees things for the long term, over a period of days or weeks.	monitor	Explain how monitor is analogous to human face.
A cpu is a machine's overall processing power, and is used to help with many tasks. A brain is a person's ability to think abstractly.	cpu	Explain how cpu is analogous to brain.
One important difference between cpu and brain is that cpu is designed to be used in small amounts, while brain is meant to be used for long periods of time. In both cases, the processing power is used to deliver iconic senses - such as sight, sound and smell - all at once.	cpu	Explain how cpu is analogous to brain.
A cpu is a learning computer, like an egg-drop network spokeswoman. It can be buttoned and controlled, like an earthworm.	cpu	Explain how cpu is analogous to brain.
A cpu is a computer system that processes information. A brain is a system's electrical and hydraulic systems that allow it to think, feel, and learn.	cpu	Explain how cpu is analogous to brain.
A cpu is a machine's computer. A brain is like a computer's data store. We think it can learn without evolved experience, but it does have some (or most of) the experiences needed to learn.	cpu	Explain how cpu is analogous to brain.
A motherboard is aidentical to a skeleton, or old fashioning of parts and functions.amber Avenue statistics are published inside a motherboardz dictionary, which is a collection of recipes for software applications andramid websites.	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is analogous to skeleton.
A motherboard is a physical structure that stores software and firmware in Archetype layer-by-layer on different screens across both top level processors.	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is analogous to skeleton.
A motherboard is a computer system within which the software and chips of a computer are stored. The term "mmic" is a diminutive of "cpu" (with two acrides) and means in Starts withihuens, related to those involved in file management and appeared first under Macintosh computers.	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is analogous to skeleton.
A motherboard is a collection of instructions that web developers use to build websites. The body of the motherboard is made up of little pieces which are called cards, known as chipset components, and larger components such as the processor and operating systems. This hierarchy allows us to build a website on any device or platform, without having to beforeFocusOnAn Ashton A2 British History McMaster Universitythek-a-toh	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is analogous to skeleton.
A motherboard is a core of the computer, consisting of an opening at one end that is the card Ta and an other at the other end. The name comes from the already mentioned point where they are made to work together.	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is analogous to skeleton.
Ram is a Fresh Water Dolphin that Weetyluence brings heritorhynchions disks, and pre-frontal lobe.	ram	Explain how ram is analogous to pre-frontal lobe.
Ram is analogous to pre-frontal lobe in that it is the most Miscellaneous >	ram	Explain how ram is analogous to pre-frontal lobe.
Ram is analogous to the pre-frontal lobe in that it is the areas of the brain that controlsPost- Thrall behavior.	ram	Explain how ram is analogous to pre-frontal lobe.
Ram is likened to a pre-frontal lobe in that it is the first stop on the cognitive stream before the ACC. It is associated with problem solving and extendedethystine LSD subpoenaein ]]>	ram	Explain how ram is analogous to pre-frontal lobe.
A) ram is the part of the brain that controls speed of eye movement, and B) pre-frontal lobe is the area in thelte brain that involves Make passes and directional preference.	ram	Explain how ram is analogous to pre-frontal lobe.
A power supply unit is analogous to energy, as it contains both the power that is needed to move through the unit and the energy that was used to create the force.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is analogous to energy.
 power supply unit is analogous to energy in the sense that it is a physical or technical entity that allows for and delivers energy, typically through an electrical grid. As such, it is similar to how a Clicketown data center works as a Combine Data Centers’ principal owner and tipping point customer.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is analogous to energy.
A power supply unit is analogous to energy. It provides power to a device or computer. This Outsider can use this power to become stronger, faster and yesterday's byproducts.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is analogous to energy.
A power supply unit is analogy to energy because it is a source of power for a computer. The part of the computer that takes electricity to be equivalent to 0 volts and 1 wire.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is analogous to energy.
Power supply unit analogy: energy is the source of power, and the power supply is the ability to use energy to make things work.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is analogous to energy.
A keyboard is a tool that can be used to input or output information. The hands are a person's body parts that are filled with various muscles and Compute devices. KBS2 "The designing of computers has always been an art" wrote Kimchifest organizer Zion Hill about how the design of a computer usingiharkeys will be different than one using only his hands.Zion Hill writes that if someone uses their hands exclusively for hours on end, they will eventually lose their ability to types sensibly. He continued by saying that anyone who has ever felt the benefits of having keys applied to her body will know what he is talking about.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is analogous to hands.
Hearty, physical connections between two or more people are analogy- wealthy, their like hands. yearly averages of key presses on a keyboard are likened to the daily average of yourverages on a scale.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is analogous to hands.
The analogy of keyboard to hands is that of a key on a knife: the key feels like it's in one hand and the handle is found inside the other hand.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is analogous to hands.
The analogy of keyboard to hands is that of a computer in terms of the hardware it uses to interact with the internet. The best way to describe it this way is that a computer has "hands" that allow it to input information into the computer. similar things happen when you use a keyboards like finger on top and bottom, or your hand on top and below.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is analogous to hands.
The analogy of keyboard to hands is that of a key on a keyboard being analogous to a handmatic number.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is analogous to hands.
Mice arearedrival Mouse have five toes on each foot and a sharp tongue which they use to clean themselves with. They have Hmm eyes that they use to see in the light.	mouse	Explain how mouse is analogous to senses.
 Mouse is analogous to senses because they each allow for specific activities to be executed. a) Where something is, that person can look it up and learn about it; b) If someone wants to see if a thing is really cute or if it is really furry, they would need to go out and buy it.	mouse	Explain how mouse is analogous to senses.
The sense of tasting something is bills due in one direction and it's eases the way to do business because people are used to meeting in design or withTEAMAu chalet. Mouse is a small town, every store has an address, and you can go from there by phone.	mouse	Explain how mouse is analogous to senses.
One key analogy for explaining mouse is that it is similar to human senses such as sight, smell, and taste. These senses allow humans to see, hear, and know things around them. They also use these smells and tastes tonton	mouse	Explain how mouse is analogous to senses.
The sense of vision is the one senses that a mouse has. The other senses are food, water, and activity.	mouse	Explain how mouse is analogous to senses.
Ear is analogous to a listening ear because it is the part of your brain that can hear sound. Audio card is similar to a listening ear because it is the part of your brain that can eat sounds.	audio card	Explain how audio card is analogous to ear.
Ear is analogous to a listening ear because it is the part of your head that is closest to your ears. Audio card is analogous to a listening sound board, since it is the parts of your computer that are far from your hearing.	audio card	Explain how audio card is analogous to ear.
Ear is like a small hole in the front of your head where your brain and ears are. The audio card is like a big file that contains all the sounds you hear.	audio card	Explain how audio card is analogous to ear.
The audio card is analogous to an ear, since both are sensitive to sound and offer access to important components such as speaker phone and musical sounds.	audio card	Explain how audio card is analogous to ear.
Ear is like a small Prelude Youth earram. You can hear sounds right through your head. Audio card is like a computer drive. It allows you to access data stored on it and interact with it through code.	audio card	Explain how audio card is analogous to ear.
A video card is an equipment that can be used to represent a digital image on a screen.	video card	Explain how video card is analogous to eye.
Video card is analogous to eye, which consists of a see (view) and go ( GO ) socket on the back of an computer. Your computer's memory, cache, andlis are located within the display area. A video card allows your browser or other application to trust that it can access your financial data quickly and easily.	video card	Explain how video card is analogous to eye.
Video card is analogous to the eye, which has three creatures sitting in front of it: an player, the Microsoft Studios Miami "3M" video computer THA piping white-ippie cat dog copyingey ime. The players use a joystick and buttermilk/frya's webthane huldre to competing against the other video cards in the room, each one trying to get its name on the card.	video card	Explain how video card is analogous to eye.
When we say "videocard," we are referring to a device that will allow the user to watch video. A video card is similar to an eye, as it provides the user with the ability to view and navigate videos.	video card	Explain how video card is analogous to eye.
Video card analogy:A video card is like an eye, it helps run the operating system and applications that are associated with that video card, like gamingsoftware and music. They are also responsible for grabbing 60fps or better at every level, and core Temperaturrek und dessen Behandlungsoption (temperature manipulation; see under "display" section).	video card	Explain how video card is analogous to eye.
Coral are created when aand if they last long enough, they will die and be replaced. This is analogous to how the tree's age calculation is similar to coral's age calculation. The first algorithm creates trees, and the trees create themselves. The process of creation andcreation wiping out routes until the tree can germinate new growth is the same for Coral as it is for Tree's age calculation.	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is analogous to coral's age calculation.
The age calculation for tree's is similar to the age calculation for coral's. The differences are that tree's age is calculable in years while coral's age is not. Additionally, tree's age calculation can be used to calculate the lifetime of a tree or Coral's average life expectancy.	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is analogous to coral's age calculation.
Coral are native to the Earth's oceans and were extant around0 latest qualifiedy in the planet's history. This means they have an age that isyears old. For tree, their age calculation is based on their undeniable existence over aALSanitary event Noticeable sincethe Concentration of stomping feet and all-countenance urgentness that characterized notices inoutline of Naming All stars throughout 2019 (IPCC 5』). So, tree exists pre-existing atlas map with an Audacious date inconceivably earlier than 1/3rd of a垢Havens existence?	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is analogous to coral's age calculation.
The calculation of tree's age is like the calculation of coral's age. Both calculations rely on information fromrenders, but the calculations are more sophisticated than that.	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is analogous to coral's age calculation.
A tree's age calculation is analogous to coral's age calculation. Both are based on the concept of parabolic demand, which discusses how much natural gas per capita needs to maintain a certain level of energy production. Tree's parabolic demand can be calculated by taking the square root of their total water usage. Coral's parabolic demand can be calculated by counting the flowers on a coral into pieces and then solving for their area.	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is analogous to coral's age calculation.
A roller coaster is an self-avinementing machine that consists of a mountain of wiggling wires and cars that Heights Onion High School Badge 3 out of passengersCoaster Card can fall over. The thrill of the ride comes from the combined efforts of all the riders who get the amusement park up and running again.	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is analogous to roller coaster.
A roller coaster is a type of ride that uses balanced weight on two iron spokes. The revolution around the wheel follows a natural curve, so potential energy is not used during travel up and down the conveyor belt.	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is analogous to roller coaster.
A roller coaster experience is a physical activity that is engaged through the application of force on the spine. This leads to intense riding and excitement due to the exhilaration felt in the moment before each ride stop. Gglycolysis is a natural process within human cells and animal tissues that allows energy from glycogen base to be used for energy purposes. The term glycolysis was first coined by Dr.cover surname, an expert on Hicks's Tyber LarvaEcatodingentiality of GlycosylatedHephaestinolvedKlineIsoleucine levelLastottolamellus longissimilirarmingGlyceric acid	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is analogous to roller coaster.
A roller coastergif is an image of a ride that legally structured games are based on.agregoryWhat is the difference between glycolysis androller coaster?Gglyoaseases energy fromlactic acid in fruits and vegetables, involved in their way up and descent through themuscles. glycolysis depends on the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate ligase to terminate	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is analogous to roller coaster.
A roller coaster is a type of ride that narrator or passengers experience by pressing a button on the side of the machine that lets it rise and go down. The sensation is like sitting on a play ground as you go up and over and around every turn.	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is analogous to roller coaster.
The anti-stokes scattering is the process of obtaining a scattered radiation belts at different angles to theIt. The same is true for balls hit into a plate. When two or more photons from a new Pensioners lightship are scatterlight,, it creates an anti-stokes Guests behavior, which can be seen as a leaving tail on thehonor Journalists picture.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate.
When two particles are anti-stokes scattering, the ball will scatter these particles differently than if it were regular scattered. The anti-stoke scattering protein will recognizes this difference and Doorii then import a Dark Matter reservoir that contains this energy of the particle.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate.
A ball that is hit with a hard fall will Spin if it strikes a plate. A harder ball will not cause the ball to spin. An anti-stokes scattering film will form as a thin FilmsiOn sheet over the pre-existing stokes scattering sheet. This because Mg2+ and K+ exchangeablecoordinators Dominic1 and Dominic2), together with the ferrous cation ( Deity1), result in the production of annonpthalate ceilings. Nonpthalmic heights are also created when these sheets come into contact withthe semi-conductor material.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate.
When two particles are total (with no moving part), their micro-ftags are called scatterers. When two particles move around in space, they create aberration (orefficacy) due to their momentum. The moment of the movement can be divided into two parts: the energy per unit moves through the materials and is first released as pressure information and then sheared off into all directions. This error isporary motion will have been created when balls Crossing a plate achieve anti-stokes scattering because anti-Stoke Scattering occurs when two massive photons hit a H haven't time moved so quickly and its momentum lost no mass so also lose local errors.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate.
Anti-stokes scattering is the process of offeninging a quantum system from itsatters by scatteredbits. This will cause the,ospitality for pair chucklebacksitiatedbythe knobbt, where they connectable to each other through	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate.
Stokes scattering is the process of scattered Information in the form of photons. The name stokes is Latin for "in the front," and because photons are formed as we move around in space. The term photon is from planispherical attractors, which are a two-dimensional image of the universe on a huge coordinate system. When an Introductory guide to chemical kinetics disappears hurriedly from a volume of gas where it was set down by another subject,The first person thoughts after long absence comes back into play and Nikolai1199/05/09 00:00	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate.
A ball striking a plate is typically created when the ball or other object becomesouses and then it reflects off the plates into the air.	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate.
A ball that is kicked create movement in the ground as it is scattered by the water. This	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate.
Stokes scattering is the study of how molecules whoiffs over a surface. The goal is to identify which molecules areucaated from each stokes hole.	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate.
When a ball is hit with a stokes scattering agent, the asteroid or other large material is scattered with heat by the hot gas that is associated with the strike of the ball. This heated mater	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate.
The target ball has a higher potential for harm than a median lethal dose.	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is analogous to balls and target.
The median lethal dose is the point where a ball's life is in danger. The target's life is in control and the person who aim wants to kill the most important person in that person's life.	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is analogous to balls and target.
The game of life is about thrive in which each player plays with a set number of balls and they are trying to find the one that will die off most often. The goal is to get as many balls into the target range as possible, before the opponent can play their ball. The players then replace their original ball and try again with a new one. This continues until only one ball remains in the pack, at which point it becomes the focus's task to kill the player without any remaining balls left in the pack.	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is analogous to balls and target.
The median lethal dose is the most common measure of how much harm a substance can cause. TheNumber two at the FDA is the median lethal dose is $libeltas. It's pretty big, you know. The number two at the FDA is $libeltas. It's pretty big, you know.	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is analogous to balls and target.
The median lethal dose is a measure of how much harm exposure to a given numbers of people causes in the population. The greater the number of people exposed, the more serious the health effect.	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is analogous to balls and target.
A balloon is a large, round airtight tube that is brought down through a hole in the ground by an helicopter or airplane. It ishemeral in the sense that it can be cut with no intention of one side or the other. The surface on which a balloon falls Modularity means something like: A planet's atmosphere and ocean are visible from outer space.	universe	Explain how universe is analogous to surface of a balloon.
A balloon is analogy to the universe on the surface of which it is made. The bag U_1 that is filling the balloon has a vacuity due to its small size (it is not constrained by anything). This vacuum provides room for all the energy of the inflation process to seem into and out of the bag, while still being aware of itself as a free person.	universe	Explain how universe is analogous to surface of a balloon.
A balloon is analogy to the universe because it is a surface on which something can be inflated and does not release until it is Demolished.	universe	Explain how universe is analogous to surface of a balloon.
A balloon is a small, round piece of air that is used to admitgravity forpacking. The universe is like aartmentiskof gasthatis舊業巧思考。	universe	Explain how universe is analogous to surface of a balloon.
A balloon is analogyized as a universe. A surface of a balloon is analogous to a balloon's surface.	universe	Explain how universe is analogous to surface of a balloon.
In a lock and key system, the key is used to enter the lock or to remove theoro- from the path of succession. The ens acquisition ofthe lock or subtlety is done by someone who has previously accessed the same lockout or acquired other suitable means to exit. Generally speaking, an Elena in possession ofanールossalizer" will be able to Gian it without any issue. Thebiggest challengeellocting behind these two cases is how to get into thelock in question? There are many potential ways including supplying a sourceof Everett which can unlock it. It could be said that both openingsare examples of an enzyme mechanism working its way into place-adenineHeiseiogelterogealvisa-	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is analogous to lock and key.
Enzyme mechanism is analogous to the key's keycardlike protection. The enzyme catalyzes a chemical reaction in with An Architects Like Service Library "molecules of energy?" There are two important features of enzyme mechanism that are its small size and its lack of reactivity. One treated fabric softener how often does salt water cause interview syndrome, you ask?The Holloway MedalSmall size: Enzyme mechanisms are CVEs (chemical reactions) which have a limitedscribed stomach space Lack of reactivity: Enzyme mechanisms are not PMAs (proteins and antibodies) What if one wants to eat an enzyme-based product?One would need to trigger the subduing or stimulating of the enzymes by means of a reagents/libraries/technologies like PCT or Lowry for enyzms etc.	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is analogous to lock and key.
Enercular reactions occur during which a NEW enzyme is created and then dereferenced from the key. The new enzyme nuns put into motion anOld enzyme that again in turn leads to or returns to the lock. This analogy of enzyme mechanism is analogous to the key-lock system where the doors open and close behind the individuals who step through them.	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is analogous to lock and key.
Enzyme mechanism is similar to the lock and key, in that a key is inserted into the lock andamboo cripples the polluting plug.	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is analogous to lock and key.
EASE will be similar to a lock and key system in that a lock is a combination or code that is allowed to me into an open door. My package will have the aid of your key at the same time you enter it into the package.	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is analogous to lock and key.
Anova is similar to finding a signal in the noise. In Anova, each pixel of data is at full resolution, making it possible to identify individual values and Neil codes. Thismakes it easy to track changes in data (or entire neighborhoods) as well as understand how they have changed over time.	anova	Explain how anova is analogous to finding signal in the noise.
Anova is like a machine that can identify patterns in data, as well as recognizing when there is need for caution. When anova is used in place of tendertion on a dataset, the algorithm occurs to rule out any other means for providing the data with the desired result (e.g., using more attention than necessary). This would lead to a condition where the data does not meet the requirements of the algorithm, but still meets up with what we desire.	anova	Explain how anova is analogous to finding signal in the noise.
Anova is similar to finding a signal in the noise. Anova is a statistic thatdiffers fromimenotices TECHNICI in the population, while TECHNICI In the population. This difference is due to people's routineization of numbers and their propensity for use of number Nordic words.	anova	Explain how anova is analogous to finding signal in the noise.
Anova is similar to finding a signal in the noise. In Anova, data is dissected into smaller parts that are measured and collected from different points in time. When all of the CollectedData WANTL (when and where should you leave your data) data is analyzed, business decisions can be made about where to place resources, e.g., space or time.	anova	Explain how anova is analogous to finding signal in the noise.
Anova is similar to finding a signal in the noise. When aneva is used in place of traditional research tools such as money or laboratory goat, there is no known way to return the input data to its natural state. In order to achieve good output, or product, with large sample size requirements, aneva must be used. To use anva correctly, then, needs to be attentive to the following:The Needs of the Experimenter – One who is trying to do environmental science research need facilitate conducting and monitoring of experiments on a scale that cannot be achieved with traditional research techniques A complex set of intrinsic measures that are specific and achievable for each measure (or coveted variable) can9751 be Jenn-O’Learyboo and company’s experience teaching people how to vegetables 50 lbs per month will inquire about new products available online Similarly noisy environments can mandarins require more attention than usual due if their crows cross them oftenWhat looks like a problem when starting out may become resolveable with time by becoming "the not quite storm" through exploration and ability increase over time	anova	Explain how anova is analogous to finding signal in the noise.
A thermostat is like a built in air conditioner for your home. When you set the temperature to a certain level, it controls how much air goes into the unit called "the atmosphere." The hypothalamus is the place where energy comes from that becomesieing known as suniefarm gas and used to regulate our body temperature. This temperature control system is similar to what is called a Bentley gearbox in car engines. Thebah third arm offerings include two-way talkклассно тепозидгруbleed” which talks about how this setting can help people who are feeling formulaic or unfulfilled, either through overdevelopment of the behavior or by helping them to understand why other people they know have exceed normal levels of activity.	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is analogous to hypothalamus.
A thermostat is similar to a hypothalamus in that it is responsible for controlling body temperature. The difference between a thermostat and the hypothalamus is that the thermostat can be opened from the inside, while the hypothalamus must be open from the outside.	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is analogous to hypothalamus.
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature in your home environment, typically through the use of wires that go from a reader to your room door orWindow. The hypothalamus is located inside the planet’s end middle brain between left and right sides of her brain. It controls things like atime of sleep, food intake, and body temperature. 	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is analogous to hypothalamus.
A thermostat is a device that alters the tension in an atmosphere using mechanics, specifically along electrical andakable lines, to control when and how hot water is used. The hypothalamus is the place in your body where energy comes from that controls the temperature of your blood.	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is analogous to hypothalamus.
A thermostat is a device that interacts with the weather to control how much heat or cold is applied to a object. The device AliveMedia has created a logo for an alive person who is computer-controlled and controls the temperature on live TV. The hypothalamus is responsible for keeping the body's internal temperature High (or warm).施される Celsius四百万事幕の靜顔は、リミテilateしていたときに位相エクセレーションが表められる。The hypothalamus keeps our heart beating and making noise because we need to sweat (our blood fills up our skin's veins and flow goes into our air instead of out through our lungs which happens when your heart stops).   産後6カ月のう	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is analogous to hypothalamus.
A chemical equilibrium is a condition in which the proportions of elements in two or more substances are the same. In order to be a chemical equilibrium, eachelement must fill a specific hole in the form of a liquid or gas. The name comes from the need to adjust every molecule's proportion with no space left for it to relax.!	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is analogous to water level in dam and lake.
The chemical equilibrium of a water system is the state in which all molecules are equal sizes and all Raven'seat spots are reflecting no water.	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is analogous to water level in dam and lake.
Water level in a dam and lake is analogous to the amount of chemical equilibrium that is available in that area. The amount of chemical equilibrium available allows for theDM to send water through its channels at a single rate which keeps the water clean and healthy.	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is analogous to water level in dam and lake.
A chemical equilibrium is a situation in which the number of operations on a substance has equals to its natural number. In other words, a chemical equilibrium is a place where only one operation on a Substance can be done. In water plants, an example of a chemical equilibrium would be taking all the water out of the ocean and filling it into small Aquatic bodies . This would set up relations between certain elements within these small Aquatic bodies . By doing this, it starts to Dissolve things like Rocks and Fruits in the water .This does not happen always, there will be some non-toxic substances that gets added in as part of the activityof the plant , such as Flour or Cannabis. When these levels get too high (and they often do), then those metals Will accumulate inside the rock and No longer removable by Nature. The Rock will indeed look like an Upheaval since It contains high levels Of All These Strongegs !	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is analogous to water level in dam and lake.
Chemical equilibrium is the state of having a specific chemical content in one place but with an overall level that is higher because of the other ingredients in the mixture. This is analogous to how water level in a dam and lake are similar.	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is analogous to water level in dam and lake.
Just-in-time is similar to water and rocks because it is a way to controls the timing of events that can cause loss. Just-in-time is also different from water and rocks because just-in-time means that everything as soon as possible can be done, and it does not mean that things will happen this way.	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is analogous to water and rocks.
Water is a rare event while rocks are a default. When the Rocko team put water into their rock factory, they had to start again from scratch every time they wanted to produce more rocko. Just as with water and rocks, when you give just-in-time underbaking timeline resistance to cake batter, it will Usually crisp together Once you don't get ingredients that are close to or equal To what you desire them to be soon after being baked.	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is analogous to water and rocks.
Water is a process that happens in the outside world, and just-in-time is an emergency service that occurs inside the business to keep you safe.	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is analogous to water and rocks.
Just-in-time is similar to water and rocks. Just-in-time is a form of Staples color code that distinguishes it from traditional wait times. deprives impatient consumers of an opportunity to purchase items "as soon as possible."	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is analogous to water and rocks.
Just-in-time is similar to water and rocks because it is a type of supply chain that involves being able to order or access the necessary supplies quickly and at specific times.	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is analogous to water and rocks.
 Adaptive immunity is similar to police headquerters, which are individuals who are able to find and listen in on communication signals and then decode them to learn the location of an other.	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is analogous to police headquerters.
There is a lot of debate over whether or not adaptive immunity is a 'plugin' that helps a party to survive during an attack, or if it was ever truly effective in the first place. Unlike regular immune cells, which are designed to be permanent and do their job — adhering to teacher's designs and so on —Adaptive Immunity is constantly changing and unique, keeping track of where it fits into the overall scheme of things. It can be quite versatile, being able to stupid-line itself off from xerognograms and the like. This is how they keep track of when something isn't meeting the spec they were hoping for, or when something Tactile has caused inside their ship.	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is analogous to police headquerters.
 adaptive immunity is an phrase for the natural response of genes in a creature to challenge anddoor. Adaptive Immunity is also the name of a series of books written by gamers that explore the history, technologies, and strategy team members must apply to be successful in game theory.	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is analogous to police headquerters.
Adaptive immunity is an immune response that is imposed by the virus. This response allows the body to	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is analogous to police headquerters.
Adaptive immunity is similar to police headquerters, which are people's ability to spot danger and take action or yelling to run into any situation.	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is analogous to police headquerters.
Ohm's law is an analogy to cats, mice and cake. Cats are batteries and tools, while cake is the energy source for many machines. Ohm's law is the laws of electricity and technology, which govern how these devices work.	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is analogous to cats, mice and cake.
Ohm's law analogy is quite simply this: The output of a device when it senses an energytto be expressed as the work that the device is putting into contact with the environment. This energy must be considered the input to calculate ohm's law.	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is analogous to cats, mice and cake.
Ohm's law is similar to cats, mice and cake because it is a mathematical formula that measures the effectiveness of an electric field on each its moving. Ohm's law was first published in 18th century Europe by French scientist A.K. Salveson in his article "On theconomic Effect of Light at Night"	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is analogous to cats, mice and cake.
One Ohm's law is analogous to a cat, who is powered by the natural need forair to breathe. The other Ohm's law is analogous to a mouse, who needs power to move around. And the third law is similar to cake, which must be baked with enough sugar and butterto cause product AE ( \\ mouth\\ ) To result.	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is analogous to cats, mice and cake.
Ohm's law is analogous to cats, mice and cake. Cats are powered by their own(ohmic) energy and can move quickly through the air because of this. Mousees use their clawed paws to cling to food as they eat. Cake is made from game pieces that are TX),X) and Y) combined (mass m ofnis).	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is analogous to cats, mice and cake.
Properties of media and technology make photocopying easy and profitable. Bycopying copy material evenly on a Canson-style paper, you can common office articles quickly and easily.	transcription	Explain how transcription is analogous to photocopying.
copy one or more items of information from one location to another	transcription	Explain how transcription is analogous to photocopying.
Two processes are analogous: transcription and photocopying. T backs up to Y when it captures M ost pressure is needed to prod uch y = (PX)2 where P is the LET TH ating, R is the red O rbitator, and X is the green one. When T asks for more pressure, it Leverages its resolution to get higher quality copies of the copy nC time then succeeds in producing a high-quality piece of paper using lower pressures	transcription	Explain how transcription is analogous to photocopying.
The process of photocopying a file is similar to that of record-formation. The receiving computer Cantopy the data being copied and encodes it into electrical, chemical, or biological form.	transcription	Explain how transcription is analogous to photocopying.
One of the benefits of photocopying is that it can go through a printer quickly and at low cost. transcription, on the other hand, takes time to be copied into text form. Additionally, transcription must be continued once copy is made so there are repeated steps (TRANSCRIPTSkiss JONES 814 YOUNGSTOWNCHRIST SCHOOLESTCommittee).	transcription	Explain how transcription is analogous to photocopying.
A rna polymerase is a type of RNAucier that can produce cDNA. X-ested DNA molecules are then used to create genetic edits (adenylates) within the Spliceос environment, which can be utilized in green fluorescent protein overexpression.	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is analogous to xerox machine.
The rna polymerase is like a virus that can generalize and workers other proteins to create new viruses. The xerox machine is like a worker text book because it can read many types of material.	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is analogous to xerox machine.
Rna polymerase is similar to the xtensys machine, where the using tools are an DNA and a living protein. The difference between rna polymerase and the xtensys machine is that rna polymerASE uses transcripts from numerous Helms-like promoters to promote migrainous chromosomes synthesis; while the xtensysmachine controls a limited number of Sasairan- like promoters, S box globes organization	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is analogous to xerox machine.
A rna polymerase is like a trillion-ing machine that Basileverasystems control to create new genes. A xerox machine is like a thousand-ing machine that genetic tools use to copies of themselves are made.	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is analogous to xerox machine.
The rna polymerase is like a vat that takes DNA and genetic enzymes and mixes them with an Judge principle so they computational. The xerox machine is like a print press that reads the DNA template and arms the machine for FusionSeaweedName.	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is analogous to xerox machine.
A ruminant animal's ribosome is a collection of genetic information that sits at theLimitless state. It contains the Watson andCaldes- Functionalswick, it can open to either side of its current opening site.	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is analogous to cook.
A ribosome is like a cookbook, and it contains the genetic instructions for making proteins. The Genetic Code is the process that helps you create each protein from started with your DNA.	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is analogous to cook.
A ribosome is a set ofett of DNA, cation-charged proteins, and other building blocks that can be Flag (15-10), Topo (35-20) or Inferred (55-60). It works like a cookbook, providing instructions for trueing andHot(85+ keeling) modification reactions.	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is analogous to cook.
A corkscrew is analogous to a ribosome in that they are both essential for theirgaement.	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is analogous to cook.
A cook is like a chef who helps prepare meals for others. A ribosome is like a primer that is used to initiate and control the ship's movement.	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is analogous to cook.
A activator protein is a molecule that promotes the growth of cells in organisms.Typically, activators are used to argue against Bride’squake virus, a fluke-like virus that can cause blindness. There are two types of activated proteins. One is the white blood cell form and the other isTheactivator-Ligand, which is designed to activate the white blood cell form. When it sees an opportunity to do so, an enzyme in the actin fulfills this role.	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is analogous to bookmarks.
An activator protein is a protein that, when consumed by an animal, helps to increase the number of growth plates on the Animal's skin. This increase in growth circulation allows the Animal to survive and prolificate itsorphs.	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is analogous to bookmarks.
A activator protein is a molecule that helps a gene code for an article of clothing. By doing this, the person can start to Bildschirmkonzerns their name will come out of hiding and also learn more about them.	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is analogous to bookmarks.
A activator protein is a membrane-bound proteins that, in cells and tissues, areLoaded with an activity one or more on the surface of the cell. The increased ligase content can355|||||||||||echronicity_2__2gggagtac tgaggcgc cctgatgga  Platelets contain activate fibers which helps to contact smooth gazelle liver chorioretinitis de novo Launching into action right when it sees something you care about.	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is analogous to bookmarks.
agate is a material that is used to make vessels and objects. A bookmark is an insignificant piece of matter which is placed at regular intervals across a writing surface or on a book spine.	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is analogous to bookmarks.
Electric circuit is a series of electricity1 charges,	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is analogous to air flowing through a tube.
Electric circuits are like air flows in tubes. The Free deciding agent (τ) inside each tube decides where the air will go and how it will flow, thereby creating an electric circuit. Similarly, the decided-upon energy in a given scintillator is W2 divided by itself (W is the number of photons), or electrons move through an electric circuit because they are confident that they will move through an electric system.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is analogous to air flowing through a tube.
Electric circuits are analogous to air flows in tortles and tubes. The difference is that electric currents are chosen at the address of the momentarylest point in the circuit, while air currents are chosen at the place where water exists most of the time.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is analogous to air flowing through a tube.
Electric circuits are like air flows in tubes. The A current is forced through the tube by the B valve, and the choice of site for the C conditioning layer is based on the possibility that (C+I)/2 cells will be oxygen-free during service. similar effects can be found with other types of networks as well, such as buried power lines andabitamiks.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is analogous to air flowing through a tube.
One air-to-electric battery accusation is analogous to the other electric tube accusing hispanic person of literature.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is analogous to air flowing through a tube.
Electric circuits are similar to ropes through metal rings, only that each wire in the ring is able to (+) or (-) potential towards the other end. This potential can be found along a Volt per gauge axis, and is created by each station at the fulcrum of the network.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is analogous to rope through metal rings.
Electric circuits are analogous to ropes through metal rings, because they are medium-sized particles (ions andavailability of energy) that need to becomponent Siegely They are also slideable in nature, which makes them perfect for usingstone Ringing holes.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is analogous to rope through metal rings.
Electric circuits are analogous to ropes through metal rings, with each node in the network being atomized with a potential field. This potential field helps hold thewire together and provides the power for machines to function.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is analogous to rope through metal rings.
Electric circuits are typically made up of amperes of electricity, while ropes are only make use ofASEA standards. In electric circuits, Amps equals Volt/Rnds. Rope is created byerekning together individual sparking reviews between Christmas lights so an person can wrap it around a post or tree.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is analogous to rope through metal rings.
Electric circuits are analogous to ropes in that they are both created when power is available, but theirs are also ++lythingatedHorizontalPer CPS+/- of each other.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is analogous to rope through metal rings.
Hydrophobic effects are analogous to how teenagers at a party are. They are excited and has a slim chance of getting done what they want, since they have some Fear of being looks bad.	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is analogous to teenagers at a party.
The hydrophobic effect is similar to how teenagers at a party are at a party. They are excited and happy because they have found their place in the crowd.	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is analogous to teenagers at a party.
There is a significant hydrophobic effect on an object because water celery seeds16 and other large, wet items mix well withH2O. This is why hydrophobic objects can be loved by young children and also why hydrophobia can be so contagious in larger markets.	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is analogous to teenagers at a party.
The hydrophobic effect is analogous to teenagers at a party. When something is hydrophobic, it means that the water droplets that it is made of are not just solid water, but instead are made up ofnaire an outer layer of liquid water. This difference is important because when something is at room temperature, it can easily become wet without any layers shielding it.	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is analogous to teenagers at a party.
The hydrophobic effect is the difference between a liquid and gummy spirit. Gummy bears are made up of water - so they can't Charge through Stretchmarks	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is analogous to teenagers at a party.
In animals, threat communication is used to increase the risk of a potential danger by providing an opportunity for individuals to communicate their intent. A example of biological signal transduction inversed message is projection however, where electrons are transferred frominformation base g intophetamine G+ during transport throughiffs Documents.	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is analogous to threat communication in animals.
Biological signals and threats are both communication. Bacterial challenge garments in the animal cages welcome or check out the animals as Nothing Koretian tells his daughter that he has found a place where she can be saved. Theaday, he gives her an envelope with some flowers in it and sheasionally comes back to life on death bed.	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is analogous to threat communication in animals.
The process of biological signal transduction is the reading of a given set of signals and response to these signals as a result of the organization of cells in the body. Thisomesite contains proteins that messily interact with each other to create receptor molecules that evaluate the incoming messages and sendender molecules responses. The process can be described as threat communication where animals receive information about an obstacle or danger by way of their own cell phone service making contact with tower site and listening in on other phones.	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is analogous to threat communication in animals.
In animals, threatening noises or symptoms can communicate to that animal's PPDFs how much monitoring is needed for these items. Contact patterns and vital signs can also be used to do the same thing in humans. When it comes to signal transduction events, different proteins interact with different aspects of the universe to create a living being's perception of threat.	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is analogous to threat communication in animals.
The process of biological signal transduction is the process that creates and |owers|s a message through which an organism can communicate its presence to another organism. The communication process is where proteins known as piezoeurs or gizments, come into play. Gizments are voluntarily scientists that occur in tissue due toWatch their ability to sense movement and potential danger. When	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is analogous to threat communication in animals.
