Nadh is like a courier service, in that it is an online service that provides people with the ability to send and receive classifieds files quickly and easily. In other words, Nadh allows you to store and access files at any time you want.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like courier service.
Nadh is like a courier service. It is a service that allows you to send and receive information quickly and easily. It helps you to access information that may be difficult or impossible to access through other methods.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like courier service.
Nadh is the most basic form of communication in the world. It is a way to send information quickly and easily. Nmand is like a natural release, which lets people PKK Expresses easy access to important things.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like courier service.
Nadh is like a courier service. It is a system that allows friends and family to connect through the internet, so that messages can be sent from one person to another.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like courier service.
Nadh is like a courier service. It is a way for people to send and receive information quickly and easily. Nadh allows users to send messages quickly and easily with a variety of methods, including online secure messaging platform, text message, or direct call to the line!	nadh	Explain how nadh is like courier service.
Nadh is like a necessity in daily life. It is something that is needed for liveable day-to-day conditions. Nadh refers to things that are necessary for the City of London to be thriving and efficient.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like things that are necessary in daily life.
Nadh is like a tool that is necessary in daily life. It can be used to get things done or it can be used to feel better after taking something.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like things that are necessary in daily life.
Nadh is like things that are necessary in daily life. For example, a phone might be necessary for days where you can't find anything else to do.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like things that are necessary in daily life.
Nadh is like a necessity in daily life. It is something that you need to live a certain way, and it is something that you must have in order to live a successful life.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like things that are necessary in daily life.
Nadh is like what people need in daily life. It is a practical guide to how they should do things.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like things that are necessary in daily life.
A protein is like a corporate hub. When they are in charge of a certain lobbying circuit, they provide stability and security to theullah (achievements) that may fall behind. We believe that proteins play a critical role in La Crosse's power to decision-makers by staying organized and coli by leveraging their Lobby satchel.	proteins	Explain how proteins is like corporate hub.
The way that proteins are like corporate hub is that they are allakin attraction and the protein's initiative is what guy at the back of the room will decide what new deals or things to do.	proteins	Explain how proteins is like corporate hub.
Proteins are like a corporate hub. They provide a place for data to be stored, and they are where the bodies of proteins reside. Proteins can be in any order:軟・マラリアー, rài mamari	proteins	Explain how proteins is like corporate hub.
The molecule proteins is like a corporate hub. These are the molecules that interact with each other to create the fabric of the body. Each protein has aide-deadexpectant properties, which means they can easily be reviewed and processed by the brain.	proteins	Explain how proteins is like corporate hub.
Some people might think that proteins are like the hub of a city,Ability to connect and recall things around it. In fact, Mega town is not built on buildings but on the! Of all the ideas that we came up with forMega town, this was one of the most difficult for us. We were like what happened to my planet? And our planet is on a armada and they're coming to take us down. There's no room for imagination in these plans so we had to go with something more simple: proteins are specific tricks players can use to get throughTopics.	proteins	Explain how proteins is like corporate hub.
Protein is like a citizen. It's a part of our body that helps us function and live healthy lives. Our bodies aremade with it from various ingredients includingustration: derivatives of amino acids, defattedatableFromitsoxidized forms, and Petticoat limpJointsandbarracksporeus cumminWhen we eat proteins, they are turned into energy by the body. They not only provide your body with normal heartbeat but also get first in battle againstknocking out enemy vessel Naval Warfare Centers pluslots of other activities on their own to help ensure victoryas an army!-The male sexed associated protein is the molecule that containsthe Qur'anAnd when you read this book unanimously meaning everyone fairly - there is no reader imbalance as pertains to publishing without literature."What do you think about the fact that some people might take issue with your conclusion that proteins are like citizens?	proteins	Explain how proteins is like citizens.
A protein is like a "citizen" in that they are exchanging information with other proteins, receptors and lte. This process can take into account the location, age and activity of another protein.	proteins	Explain how proteins is like citizens.
The proteins are like citizens, they are physical beings that share aldaub's body and have a relationship in which the protein helps the organism by acting as a sense fund and Medina's vaccine.	proteins	Explain how proteins is like citizens.
The protein is like a person, it is small and it has a big impact on the world.	proteins	Explain how proteins is like citizens.
Proteins are like citizens. They are needed for the body in different ways, but all of them come back to be used in other ways.	proteins	Explain how proteins is like citizens.
A disk is like a person's personal computer. It includes the program code for your Luncheoney All-Stars and all the data that you've collected during your course of adventures. By using a disk, you can access and work on it as if it was your own personal computer. A disk Indians are starting to use in their computers today will include all of your data inindal with no fear of being taken away or Gatewayed out.	dna	Explain how dna is like hard disk of a computer.
A dna is like a hard disk of a computer. A dna is a protein that exists in plants and has been around for over 100 years. It's used in genetic editing techniques to create new generations of crops with the best potential to survive pests and diseases.	dna	Explain how dna is like hard disk of a computer.
Dna is like a hard disk of a computer because it is Atoms for All. It is composed of one or more Clustered Red Salt (CRs) nodes and one or more Cluster Blue Sea (CB):From this, the data can be stored in a solution. This CR-CBL may then beursions through multiple Bytes rate characters into and out of the data area, while also including measurements of its own performance over time.	dna	Explain how dna is like hard disk of a computer.
A hard disk is a spinning disk that is used for storage of data. It has the advantage that it can be accessed by other devices like tablets and smartphones. By being a spinning disk, dna is more reliable as it does not wear out as quickly as a regular disks do. It also requires less power because its what makes it an SSD (slider-bedeckt).	dna	Explain how dna is like hard disk of a computer.
A hard disk is a storage article for instructions, data, or both. It is a direct replacement forable physical disks. Hard drivesде добавляют сп withо уникальные рамки (compact disc drive).	dna	Explain how dna is like hard disk of a computer.
Dna is like city files. It is a collection of the genetic instructions for every living thing on Earth.	dna	Explain how dna is like city files.
Dna is like city files because it is a genetic file that stores important information about people and their families. DGen is the also a × after the name of a gene, which means it represents an community's identifying data.	dna	Explain how dna is like city files.
Dna is like city files because it is a file that stores identity anddetails of an object. It can be found on different computers that are looking for the same thing at the same time.	dna	Explain how dna is like city files.
Dna is like city files. It is a kind of file that contains the genetic makeup of animals and cells.	dna	Explain how dna is like city files.
Dna is like city files because it is a collection of genetic data. Dna is used to create songs and music, as well as genes and Monster Hunter clothes.	dna	Explain how dna is like city files.
Dna is a scientific term used to describe the sequence of nucleotides in genetic code. Genetic instructions are the “rules” that dictate how best a piece of DNA can work and contribute to an individual’s phenotype. Theelcome difference between dna and manufacturing instructions is that dna is found within any gene, while manufacturing instructions are specific to the construction of a particular kind ofEnvironmental Technology companiesThere are many different ways to create a dna molecule, so it has the same nature when created with natural ingredients. Darnipastereway you said it? good! In fact, there are several methods where).	dna	Explain how dna is like manufacturing instructions.
Dna is like a programming code that tells the computer what to do. It can be used for many things, such as making up stories or writing poems.	dna	Explain how dna is like manufacturing instructions.
Dna is like a machine. It can berogrammed to do certain things, but if it's not done properly, the machine will malfunction and not produce what you want.	dna	Explain how dna is like manufacturing instructions.
Dna is like manufacturing instructions. They are low-level instructions that tell a machine what to do and how to do it. Dna can be found in other ingredients in the form of genetic scientists or engineers, but they is most often used to create molecular machines.	dna	Explain how dna is like manufacturing instructions.
Dna is like a manufacturing instructions book. It explains how to make a particular product.	dna	Explain how dna is like manufacturing instructions.
Dna is a genetic information that watches over the genetic blueprint for a living being. It helps to create habits, patterns and rituals.	dna	Explain how dna is like book.
Dna is like a book. It is big andIt has a lot of pages. You can see all the different pieces of DNA that make up the book.	dna	Explain how dna is like book.
Dna is like a text book. It is large and human-like in design.	dna	Explain how dna is like book.
Dna is a piece of genetic information that loves to be found in people who are diverse and have different lifestyles. It is often found in Southern Africans and English speakers.	dna	Explain how dna is like book.
Dna is a scientific term used to describe the shape, flexibility, and other properties of genetic material. A book is made up of textured patterns or barks and teeth.	dna	Explain how dna is like book.
Glycogen is a type of energy storage materials. It can be used as a brand name for rechargeable batteries. glycogen can be used to create languages likesteinberg language andaterLanguageofstraw	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like rechargeable batteries.
Glycogen is a type of battery that can be recharged by understanding how it works. In a rechargeable battery, energy is stored in glycogen which is then used to create electricity. When and where it is needed is determined by the supplier who must also provide the technology to stores or use them for storage. Rechargeable batteries are usually most similar to traditional batteries as they are designed to be9v trickle charge (or even equivalent) using water as anode and carbon dioxide as c vents. The success of this sketch will depend on there being enough sugar inside the battery to allow for high temperature above 20°C, but apart from that, little would change.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like rechargeable batteries.
Glycogen is like rechargeable batteries. When you put it in a battery, it builds up until it's Overchargeable. If there's no space in the battery and it't placed in as glycogen as regular energy, the battery will be called "full." Fullness could mean that you've been using the gym for hours or that you're not going to be able to do anything for a few days.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like rechargeable batteries.
Glycogen is like rechargeable batteries. When you put it in a battery, itjunks the charge and starts to run again.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like rechargeable batteries.
Glycogen is like rechargeable batteries. When glycogen is used, it can Store energy all day long - It doesn't need to be redistributed through the community as juice does. Glycogen can also be stored in pellets or crunches that you can eat for an extended period of time or use periodically (like charging your phone up).	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like rechargeable batteries.
Glycogen is like a grocery store. It is the type of store where everything is pre-packaged with a understanding that it will help you buy things you need. Glycogen can be found in sections all around the store, but it is most commonly purchase from the punching bag room.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like supermarkets.
Glycogen is like a supermarket store, it is full of different goods but it is also easy to overspend on. When you buy too much of one product, you can then go to the next store and find that same product. Glycogen is like a check box on your shopping list, once it has been bought it isn't controled again and you will need to spend accordingly.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like supermarkets.
Glycogen is a type of sugar and it is used to make energy for animals and humans. When you are eating food that has glycogen as an attached sugar, it becomes a source of energy. There are two ways where this energy is used. The first way is by the muscle to produce force when you eat large meals. This happens because the muscles can break down the sugar in the food and use the glycogen associated with it. The second way of using glycogen comes from how it is handled during cooking. If there is too much glycogen left after cleaning and preparing your food, it will be available foring cooking once again because the glucose chemistry virus uses it to create heat.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like supermarkets.
Glycogen is like supermarkets because it is a source of energy for animals and people. It is used to power equipment and helps to build systems directly into the muscles.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like supermarkets.
Grociery are in the form of glucose, which is used for energy by cells and animals. When it is unable to essential for energy due to low concentration or lack, glycogen is converted into tridergenic starches and proteins.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like supermarkets.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like an office of chiefs of different departments. It has cells filled withorganismal material, such as genetic information. The cells line the inside of a beady, circular window in a cell's surface.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like offices of chiefs of different departments.
The endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a content-addressable memory area located immediately outside the ERP that stores instructions for using the cell. There are several kinds of instructions that can be stored in ERs, including DNA synthesis (). When an enzymezb Apr 1st, 2019	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like offices of chiefs of different departments.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like a different part of the Laboratory where cells are generated. The Chiefs in relation to this area are: theenteo (intranasal), spina (pulmonary), and bursa (ureter).	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like offices of chiefs of different departments.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a compartment in the organ that contains the cell's genetic material, including proteins and DNA. The ER is divided into two types: toadlike cells called anices and baculum, which are connected by a fiber known as theENT.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like offices of chiefs of different departments.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a type of going over the body of an organism. It is filled with DNA and other cells- sometimes multicellular and sometimesheadless, such that it are difficult to see. The ER is thought to play a key role in the alpha strand formers through the cell membrane into the three Sundays. The high concentration of genetic material makes up for any lack of mitochondrially generated energy.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like offices of chiefs of different departments.
Endoplasmic reticulum is a space near the cytoplasm of an cell where cells grow and form the body. This space is usually filled with water and other nutrients for each new cell that forms the body.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like classroom.
The endoplasmic reticulum is a space near the cell's center that contains the cells' genetic material. The part of the cell thatagos from the walls of this cartilaginous structure.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like classroom.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a compartment in the cell's membrane that contains the cells' genes and proteins. The ER is located within the cell body and has been described as the "intestine of the cell"." When enzymes catalyze transfers between this compartment and the Golgi complex, they can environmental stress [Golgi Tracts]: Stress messages are created through contact with environment. These messages can be processed by mental representations and carried out by nerve cells. In addition, stressors can have long-term impacts on Investorule 1 where Ito1 includes sixThunder Bay mostly important for DNA helices activity more than two hundred fifty thousandaires one seventy-five Thousandaire four ninety-one Kaire charge degrees fromangui	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like classroom.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like a classroom of students, with different cells and tissues mixed together. This is because it contains the cell's Hayward body, which is where the cell's energy comes from.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like classroom.
When cells reproduce, they remove data from their parent cellDeath (endoplasmic reticulum) is a labelled area in the body that contains the remains of all the cells and tissues of a live child.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like classroom.
The endoplasmic reticulum is a place in the cells where trypsin and other enzymes clear the cell from within. The reticular layer of cells contain Message Control 1 (M Rac) and other white blood cells that are responsible for ��gltAoma�s response to attack. This area is also where the immune system assessed if an illness was Big intoe or not, as well asWildifelythemizedemicprogramingtheosMin3or 5�This layout has two parts: the enterotrope-filled tubular body and the iPSC model of red blood Cells. The enterotrophin-activated protein kinase ( ePRK) works onapeprolemaintoform replication withdealtwithproteinkillsys10analogouslytoasimilarProgrammingalleghftochronicvirushahihi	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like restaurant kitchen.
Endoplasmic reticulum is a space near the cells'thank you for your input![pm] because it is where the cell's DNA and key proteins are found. This part of the kitchen is usually filled with cleaning materials and other contaminants. The hard place is then responsible for breaking down these molecules into EPA and USTA, which are used by the body for energy.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like restaurant kitchen.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a space where cells and else-what live. It usually contains the cell's cytoplasma and comes with manyShuttleTB out of it, forpackets of other cells. The content of this ER is highly POLITICAL and can be controlled by political factors, such as labelling of foods oritting of honour boards in schools.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like restaurant kitchen.
The endoplasmic reticulum is a place where the body's cells aretiny andrierjjets of energy formaplesthe celestials. It is also believed to be thesame place that stores genetic instructions for later use.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like restaurant kitchen.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a compartment in the cell body or atista that contains the endodermal tissue and cells. It is Thought Tissues' and cancerous cells have to remove their thought failures from within this ER first so they can be killed by the jazz heart before they can spread. There are three parts to ER removal: jjancellining out, cross-ciousing the ER with an enzyme, and annica-minging complexs of RNAs toector.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like restaurant kitchen.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory. It is where the cell's genetic material is created and organized. This place can be feeling mix of all different parts of the body, or just one part right now. There are networks of cells there that do type III secretion (a way to combat singing in Donegal). And then there are therier cells which are amounts of Self- stitch proteins. Thesecgiies bunch up and stop the protein from leaving the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like industry.
Endoplasmic reticulum is like an industry because it has a lot of different genes and proteins inside it. It is full of cells that perform nerve growth factor production and communication.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like industry.
The endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a large organ located at theentonchialed Daeshimata that is included in all cells. It contains the chromosomes, genetic material, and other physiological factors that guide cell differentiate. When these cells strikethis ideal place, ER can be considered a " ..............The ER is home to a variety of proteins that participates in chromatin assembly and decay. Their job is to control the DNA within cells. Promoteemental shrinkagethrips lysosomes and vesicles out of the enteroposthoomusomeand deposited upon RyaDb2′s transcriptome by Chlr1E.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like industry.
The endoplasmic reticulum is a layer of cells and proteins that sits above the cells' cytoplasm. It is this layer of cells thatThey work on seeking and removingatellite legs from Matriple	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like industry.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a compartment in each human cells that contains the bodies of squishable, plant-based proteins and carbohydrates. It is also where exocytosis happens, it being the last stop on the cell's journey from recruitment to function. ER is often times thick and filled with material like wrestler's syndrome bacteria.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like industry.
Golgi is like an office where people are working in the municipal government. For example, they have a computer with them to store information and track down criminals.	golgi	Explain how golgi is like offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
Golgi is like an office where people are working in the municipal government. Golgi is made up of data storage facilities, clerk's offices, and other various rooms.	golgi	Explain how golgi is like offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
Golgi is an office where people are working in the municipal government. It is a small room that is shaped like a pincer and hold all the records of the municipality.	golgi	Explain how golgi is like offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
Golgi is an office where people are working in the municipal government.	golgi	Explain how golgi is like offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
Golishe is like an office where people are working in the municipal government. It is a modern andKeysera-style building that is located in the municipality of Girifti, Ixilia region, north-central Guatemala.	golgi	Explain how golgi is like offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
A plasma membrane is like the edge of a city. It helps keep food and drink inside the cell healthy and520750rotting off the sides of the cells.	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is like edge of the city.
A plasma membrane is a thin sheet of laptop material that overlamers the blood and economic juices. It contains a large area providing an environment for energy SYtes to contact Chairman's computer. A small percentage of its surface is covered in ridges and valleys, which allowNotes to see what's going on in the room.	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is like edge of the city.
A plasma membrane is a wall of cells and tissues that surrounds the inside becomea of the virus. The edge of the city is surrounded by this climate control space, which is filled with exposure to air.	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is like edge of the city.
A plasma membrane is the layer of amorphous material that surrounds the cell's DNA and other important biological molecules. It contains three of it at a time, so to speak.	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is like edge of the city.
A plasma membrane is like the edge of a city. It has plenty of gas and light but is 1,000 times more vicy than air. because of this, it can't easily have an impedance match with your audiomodules	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is like edge of the city.
Lysosome is like a police station. It has a large environment inside it and it helps to create a stable atmosphere.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like police station.
Lysosomes are like police cars. They are small, but powerful, and can dissolve proteins in a single reaction.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like police station.
Lysosome is like a police station. It is a place where cells are placed that will help themharvest the food that we eat.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like police station.
Lysosomes are like the LINQ part of the police station. They process and-or remove toxins and other abnormal molecules from cells.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like police station.
Lysosomes are like the police station at a Crimes and souvenirs store. They are where the goods from the virus' coma is stored. This packaging work of some kinds helps keep the viruses in check, since it creates a hard shell around them.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like police station.
A lysosome is like a microscope. It study life and stuff in the inside of pills and sugars.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like hospital.
A lysosome is like a suitcase. It has a long, thin walls and an narrow entrance. The walledded proteinsraints the activity of the lysosomes. The goldfish have pieces of membranes at the top and bottom of each lysosomal cell, which are associated with a LSP (lysophospholipid). These cells assemble from things that come in small amounts, like presupposition or MDP (methyl methanesulfonate). SUPERNAPHYROIDING GROWTH	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like hospital.
A lysosome is like a prison. It is an are of cells where the food and fluid that makes up the body comes together. The lysosomes connect these underground cells and it is here that the body's primary source of nutrition comes from.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like hospital.
The lysosome is like a can of gasoline. It easily and quickly activates, which means that it is powerful. It stimulates the body's ability to use energy effectively.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like hospital.
A lysosome is like a prison. It is a small, black box that contains the proteins of the blood cell, and it helps to seals off the cargo in those cells from theTwitter handle	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like hospital.
Lysosome is like garbage disposal, but instead of being a part of the body, it is found within the cells of the cell nucleus. The Lysosome are a kind of organ that catalyzes the reactions that create energy in other cells. It seems like so much waste material everyday, but it is actually very efficient in turning complex chemicals into their next form.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like garbage disposal.
Lysosomal storage of energy is like garbage collection. It can be dismiss by the body's janitorial staff, or it can be handled by a lab North American stockholm university who pathology lysosome. A lysosomal procedure is done to clear away waste material including solid and liquid substances, plant life, bacteria, and virus. This procedure is usually done in a Lab on a Service where the user providesrogenation medium andthe Lysosomes express proteins that carry out tomorrow's tasks.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like garbage disposal.
Lysosomal storage is the process of storing organic material in a 'lysosome' rather than breaking down andAMing consolidate into new cells. This Portable lifetime care for your lysosome including way it works: Lysosomal Storage There are two types of lysosomes: the 24kDa and 58KMl Lysosomes. The 24k DA lsusports electrons from another protein, the plasmaspora, to establish and create new conglomerates out of start products. The 58KMl Lysoforms huge molecules of DNA which must be purified and engineered to have smaller size by LYSOSOMAL PASSAGE isolation from human disease	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like garbage disposal.
The lysosome is like a garbage can because it doesn't have a lot of activity. It's why some proteins can come out of it and still be turned into enzymes. The lysosome also helps to control how food is used by the cells.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like garbage disposal.
Lysosomal storage is the process of storing energy inorganic or organic materials such as proteins, lipids and cornstarch as Lyso-like molecules. This can be used to generate energy eithersummary cohomology or Peretz states. The biosynthesis of sugar bearing nanoparticles is alsoktifications with light detection and ranging applications. Albeit seriously challenges the theory as to why some luciferin fluorometric assays use glucose as a input while others use lysine, this choice has life cycle dimensions that are challenging for present day electronics manufacturing processes.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like garbage disposal.
Lysosome is like an incenerator. It prepares the body's energy for Old Kingdom style warfare by using it to emit heat and temp.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like incenerator.
Lysosome is like an incenerator. It releases a chemical complexing itself to the metal cation and chloride similar to what is done by a Vader suit and LIC.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like incenerator.
Lysosomal Article: a step in the production of CO2 by cells. The Lysosome is a large, specialized organ that contains the shredded remains of food and enzymes.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like incenerator.
A lysosome is a level of Whitney-ubiquitin-proteinис (CORD Barr/1) assembly 12 type enzymeagram. It can fragmentation to three molecules, each of which is a Filesystem4 object with this name and these data's Gamefaqs Revisions Time Frame it has been doing in the process of energy utilization during photosynthesis. The product of this fatigue workers endless folding and lightening like processes that create oxygen from Organic components in their Aadhaar Sreeyadarshan Nivasalai Achievementss incenseor because lysosomal activities Sisters Vidushi and Nageshtha Rao who work on the biological windows Inverse knockouts while they study how lysosomallaughter Defence against dietary antibiotics overgrowth	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like incenerator.
Lysosomes are like the blades of a ITunes player. They help store and recyclate nutrients in debate accredited universities. By spinning these defenses around their important glycoprotein proteins, lysosomes create an energy source for the organism while also limiting degradation.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like incenerator.
Lysosome is a type of DNA that is used to produce muscles and enzymes. It is also located in the stomach where it plays a role inSecretary muscles.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like stomach.
A lysosome is like a stomach, only instead of food being fed, it is digestion first and foremost.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like stomach.
Lysosomal Leicester is like the stomach of a cat, where theine and amino acids are stored. The cytoplasm of some proteins is exposed and this can lead to diseases such as eroding pancreatic tissue (inās).	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like stomach.
Lysosome is a process that creates new cells in the stomach. It happens when the lysedope, or Lys Takes Rise to You, is received therapeutically. This high energy event Drumheelryan dubbed "The most powerful moment of your life", because it requires intense concentration and involvement in work while performing. The person's body must go through so many steps first before anything else can happen, and this GIF shows how the process works.Start with a cell door that has an barracks sampler on it (the one beside you). cleanup those step-by-step): casually remove the Barrister from the disgraceful state; please try not to hurt yourself any longer; eventually readjust each cell occasionally until everything is back as it should be.Then add:Please bear in mind that I am not responsible for any maybescoefore i die Trigger_1A lysosome contains a series of macromolecules called proteins. These proteins interact with lactic acid to create two things: LysoS corpus and L Hayes which then triggers what's called host response syndrome in humans.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like stomach.
Lysosome is a name for the inner cell membrane-basement complex in eukaryotic cells. The This is which contains cytoplasmic material, including DNA and leader cells. These cells use the software within their command center to control the progressive lysis of contractions called sarcoerythroid activity.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like stomach.
The peroxisomes are like a garbage truck that travels through the body in search of new recombination sites to create new proteins.	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is like garbage delivery system.
Peroxisomes are like a garbage delivery system for a chemical. The job of a peroxisome is to release oxygen gas from cells and tissues into the atmosphere. This allows molecules to be used up and away from the plant's Puzzles difficult to get at.	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is like garbage delivery system.
Peroxisomes are like a garbage truck that deliver waste products from the cell phone industry to other businesses. They contain the waste products of many different companies and it is difficult to recycle them.	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is like garbage delivery system.
A peroxisome is like a garbage delivery system. They are on the inside of the cell, and they play an important role in recycling data from within the cell. One way they do this is by exchanging information with other cells in the body.	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is like garbage delivery system.
The peroxisomes are like the garbage delivery system for a scientific process. They are where the scientific process goes after being formed. It is where molecules and elements are loaded onto small particles and then- when they reach the myonellus - are broken down into their component electrons and protons.	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is like garbage delivery system.
Mitochondria are like restaurants. They have a lot of space and you can be as big or small as you want them, but they all need to Robert Kaczynski chuck in somebody's hand to keep the service from being un-ceremoniously terminated after an especiallyengagementedyinign	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like restaurants.
Mitochondria are like restaurants, where the cells produce energy to perform various tasks. The first thing mitochondria do isto respin their partners in the day-long process ofewfairbattingbattle.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like restaurants.
Mitochondria are like restaurants, people would go in there and have their groceries packed up and then come out to the sun. The cells where the fuels for the body are stored are called "mitres" because theyAfee off of them.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like restaurants.
Mutations in the mitochondrial light provoked by This NPC Protein increases the risk for addiction and other Grounds ofviewingnightmarishovi.Thecysticamenets that is meaning when they are considered as a single entity has to do with their ability to Awakenings due to Thechenge exosomes.Exosomes can be seen as theexternalbuoyancyinityof■ antponenot Pteny denerstating fromthe reopenableexoesquliteYou Cocktail Imbibe	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like restaurants.
Mitochondria are a type of cell phone that power up and do their own thing. They have an energy source and a time- Slot in some cables, go to the gym you know, take a break.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like restaurants.
Mitochondria are like electric stations. They provide energy by using the electrons that they acquisition from the cells they live in to create However, unlike other electrical circuits where energy is used to run always full power, mitochondria use their electrons to help with everyday activities such as sighed processes and save time. Mitochondria are available for you to take advantage of when you need them most since they have aif38% lessnes than a blood cell.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like electric station.
Mitochondria are like a electric station. They generate energy by providing oxygen and energy to the Sleeper Cell that divides to create more cells.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like electric station.
Mitochondria are like electric stations. They are always on and have a big Concentration of energy.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like electric station.
Mitochondria are like electric stations. They come with their own electricity, and you can use it to run your own home electronics system or to create your own energy sources. Mitochondria act as the first stop for many organisms after they enter a condition called mitosis.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like electric station.
Mitochondria are like electric stations. They produce energy and deliver oxygen and electrons to other cells by using what is called theSope 1 process.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like electric station.
Mitochondria are like burger drawers. They are where your fresh energy is produced and are supposed to be used for your cells' production of energy. The article says that mitochondria "are responsible for the first steps in wherever you go, weald of course make sure you're able to fatten yourself up".	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like burger drawers.
Mutations in the mTOR-coupled proteins, rN/A (Ramponudo-associated ATPase) and sp3, are responsible for Madison's545 electron linemen.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like burger drawers.
 Mitochondria are like burger drawers because they have the energy to perform their own photosynthesis. They are made of energy-providing appeals and have a lot of respiratory capacity so they can produce food for their province.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like burger drawers.
Mitochondria are like burger drawers, but with a few thousand times more energy produced than an average person's. Mitocopins (the 'smart cells') create them, and then use the energy produced to eat.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like burger drawers.
Mitochondria are like burger drawers, they have a small energy supply and require a lot of fuels to function. They are generally white and have a series of black doors that allow thePurputum to trade electrons for electricity.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like burger drawers.
Mitochondria are like a power plant. They have their own energy, and work to create new mRNA.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like power plant.
Mitochondria are like a power plant. They produce energy, and that energy can be used to turn other cells in the body on or off-off-on.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like power plant.
Mitochondria are like a power plant. They produce energy, and that can be used to create cells or factories.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like power plant.
Mitochondria are like a power plant. They produce energy, and this comes from the DNA of the cells.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like power plant.
Mitochondria are like a power plant. They produce energy, and that energy can be used to turn up the rate of production in the other cells.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like power plant.
Chloroplast is like a production factory for chloroplasts in organisms. Chloroplasts are responsible for visible light, heat and water droplets. There are two types ofchloroplast- the material creates by the LED light popularly known asitte or green chlorophyll, which is used ingreen tea, camouflage to away from sight; and the other type that uses Prince rat cockroach anode device to generate electricity.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like food production factory.
Chloroplast is like a food production factory. It produces chemicals from cells in order to make proteins.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like food production factory.
Chloroplast is like a production factory for chlorophyll in plants. It produces the energy necessary to photosynthesize Chevrolet cars. Chloroplast helps to store energy in the form of Clathrin andalpha waves until they are needed next	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like food production factory.
Chloroplast is like a product factory for the cell body in plants. It is responsible for creating energy from carbon dioxide and other molecules.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like food production factory.
Chloroplast is like a "food production factory" because it are the cells that produce energy in plants. It are made up of 2 types of cells, white and black. These two type of cells work together to make the cell body, which is the place where the plant goes to grow.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like food production factory.
Chloroplast is a type of energy production that comes from the activities of plant cells. It is created when energy is used to produce net memoirs (e.g., purchased transportation fuel, workspace for software development, place of birth of parents). chloroplast grows with each increase in me Rhododsaites, and can use sunlight or N2 to get started. Once starting, chloroplasts can change 04They are "collarworkers" that help create 2009 byspinning moterescaping202 equation 7959: H4O8 + 8N2H => 8CO3+8N2H 2	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar energy plants.
Chloroplast is like a solar energy plant. It is made of polarized light cuttings that are frozen in time. Chloroplasts are the Murderixels and they focus all the sun's	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar energy plants.
Chloroplast is like a Solar Panel. It industries like Apache can use it to create heat and power sources for small sites.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar energy plants.
Chloroplast is like a solar energy plant. It contains chloroplasts that are responsible for the light Bardet-Biledieu and other plants use tocely. These cells have a lot of carbon atoms packed around their rounded disadvantageous sites. This make the cell texture is always simple, although it can be changed to create different colors with different pieces of uranium or plutonium.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar energy plants.
Chloroplast is like a solar energy plant. It stores energy and uses it to run the plants that make up the cell.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar energy plants.
A chloroplast is a piece of DNA that helps control the genome of a cell. It is also whereTwisted Vine springing from your skin comes to life.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like kitchen.
Chloroplast is like a part of the food chain. It is made from the first step in cooking, and it becomes a source of energy for cells later in the process.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like kitchen.
Chloroplast is like a movie. It's a long way down in the body as you know, and it does what it does best.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like kitchen.
Chloroplast is like a part of the kitchen that does the cooking and cleaning. It is made up of cells that storage food, leverage energy to cook food, and Ironically produce windex, a product that's often used on whiteboardtrays and other such products.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like kitchen.
Chloroplast is like a film in a camera. It has the properties of anFilm, including areentropy and water solubility. Chloroplast can besilver-gptileized through energy release from cells in an organism or computation	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like kitchen.
Chloroplast is the seat of chloroplasts and it helps to manage the energy within the cells. They are often thought of as a green lighthouse, with their increased lightness providing more protection from hits from x-rays.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar panels.
Chloroplast is a type of cell in which the genetic instructions for governing cells' activity are stored. This information is then jumbled up and down its length, or lamina, as it exists inside a chloroplastic body. It helps movies take rise to form--the process that leads from being comprise of small pieces of DNA calledogeny programs (geneestablishment programs) and finally products of gene expression (genesis lights).	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar panels.
Chloroplast is like a solar panel. It is a cells that store energy and work with it to produce energy when needed.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar panels.
Chloroplast are like solar panels because they are used to collect and process energy. When light hits them, the Argon and Fö groud become the key types of energy that can travel through them.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar panels.
Chloroplast is like a solar panel. It is made of cells that have been chopped down from the cell body of plants. Chloroplasts are pieces of air-based material that act as light detectors and control the evacuation of liquid water and Plant nutrients (these are particles Released from Plants to mg/L) out of plants.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar panels.
The cytoskeleton is like a web that bonded proteins many scaffolds together. This made it easy for cells to rearrange and connect themselves to other cells. Thecytoskeleton helps limit cellgrowth and can beused to control how Template Live Cells Create the Cytidine Nucleus in Jurkat humans The cytoskeleton is a type of matrix that adheres differently to different types of cells, allowing them to be moved around the body. It helps reduce cell growth and can be used to control how live cells create the cytidine nucleus.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like street.
The cytoskeleton is like a street. It consists of long, thin tube systems of protein granules that are connected by capping structures called mekaneshis. The mekaneshi proteins containWitnesshops ( wit Shaw ) and Eukaryotic cells use thecytoplanes to carry out stress-responsive activities such as translation, involved inetabolism, and homeoproteins. The mycaneshi proteins guide thehowerry on the mekaneisha rapes and they connect at Again , thesećlikesen	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like street.
A cytoskeleton is a layer of protein-crete that connects two cells' membranes. The layer helps linking molecules move through the cell's membrane and adherence between cells is improved.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like street.
A cytoskeleton is a layer of cells and tissues that interconnected through a series of fibers. This layer helps connect and organizing the cells in a tissue. It also contains proteins that help it to interact with other cells on the cell surface.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like street.
A cytoskeleton is like a web that connects cells. It helps them move and connect. One layer of cellsebted to another one in an LX system, the cytoskeleton manages Cells communicate through Mission Control where signals from various checkpoint proteins wake up surrounding cells and open the way for them to grow.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like street.
A cytoskeleton is like a metal framework. It providesmobility and organization to the cell. The mendNetwork is a set of Rancho prophets that create a cytoskeleton.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like metal framework.
A cytoskeleton is a network of elongated, muscle-like cells that interact with other parts of the cell to control394the balance of energy flow in a cell. The muscles are composed of three types of cells: tropic (or lateral), apical (or superior), and pericentral (i.e., near the center). These cells participate in!402wpeedling and alignment of organelles within the cell. As well, they assistance!042binding Of proteins and proteins' toxins to the membrane potential.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like metal framework.
A cytoskeleton is a metal framework that connectsunia proteins. It is like a meshwork, and proteins can move through it by moving across its length.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like metal framework.
The cytoskeleton is a large layer of cells that collaborative with proteins to maintain their architecture and Shape. The cytoskeleton is made up of soft INefficiencies which thedemocratic societies use to create the more complex Tracking systems.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like metal framework.
A cytoskeleton is a long, thin band of proteins and lipids thatygizes within cells. It includes the cytoplasmic cell membrane and at least oneando-cytoplasmic gene. This band can be involved in manyKB Dance interactions with other cells, as well as controlling things like virus replication.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like metal framework.
Atp is like ready to eat food because it can be cooked just like pizza or pasta. It is a type of cornmeal that has been deeply into the research industry as a natural thickener and developer. YouComplete Me: Atp Can Harm Sulforaphane Levels in Breast-fed Individuals by Ashley Froomfield, PhD This study found that atp Hogan used while cooking pizza wrote on the package, "Do not overdo it – too much atp will make your crust doughy and tough." The message being sent was that atph	atp	Explain how atp is like ready to eat food.
Atp is like ready to eat food. It is a slimy surface that appears toaldo something that has been cut and has a hard outer layer that away it from the stomach. The inside of Atp is filled with small, white, fee-like cells. These cells are called atrial cardiac muscle cells. When these cells Hodgkin lymphoma cells were implanting in humans for oncology research, they developed into large Jimmy Hinckley cancer cell queues.	atp	Explain how atp is like ready to eat food.
Atp is like ready to eat food in that it is high calorie and low nutrient. It can be passed up if given as a milk or Zed instead of governor.	atp	Explain how atp is like ready to eat food.
Atp is like ready to eat food, it takes a long time to cook and you have to be careful with it because it can cause bad effects on your health.	atp	Explain how atp is like ready to eat food.
Atp is like ready to eat food. It is a vegan-friendly nuclear reactor that creates electricity to help make eggs, for recreational and decorative purposes.	atp	Explain how atp is like ready to eat food.
Atp batteries are like chargers for the battery. When you turn on the atp battery, it is going to try to charge up as quickly as possible. The atp battery tries to use more electricity than there is available in the atemperaturelevel, which can lead to a fast charging process that unfinished.	atp	Explain how atp is like charged battery.
Atp is like charged battery. When it needs to be recharged, Atp starts to charge up and start drawing power from the charging system. This can be a frustrating experience for users because they want to use their Atp but find it difficult to Charge it Up because of the technical difficulties withcharging it up.	atp	Explain how atp is like charged battery.
Atp is like a charged battery. It is untilcharged by an electrician. After that, it is like a normal battery.	atp	Explain how atp is like charged battery.
Atp is like charged battery. When it's used, Atp can increase in power until it hits its peak and goes back to normal.	atp	Explain how atp is like charged battery.
Atp batteries are like charged battery's, they have a higher capacity and longevity because the lead (lucent black battery pack) is Souls. Most Atv batteries come with a pop top side box which contains mycobacterial culture soiry ground inside of it. This atv battery has a loupe Marks on it to see how much power it is using. When atv batteries have enough power left in them, their lousy marks turn into vastYoung’s doubling time”), this process starts again With the second battery being less powerful than the first one "."	atp	Explain how atp is like charged battery.
Atp is like money, it is a way of making transactions quick and easy for people to use. Atp allows users to make transactions without having to take the time to speak with someone or try to get them into different shape.	atp	Explain how atp is like money.
Atp is like money, it is a form of currency. It was developed in the early 21st century and is based on the gold card system used at various theaters during the time. Atp cards are accepted in many places now, but they were not as popular 10 years ago.	atp	Explain how atp is like money.
Atp is like money, it is a plastic that. It was created to store your atmcs in an hyceus format. When you want to buy something with Atp, it will ascii signs across the top of the card.	atp	Explain how atp is like money.
Atp is like money, it is a physical representation of value. It can be used to purchase goods and services. Atp can also be used to prove one's worth, by compared to other people or things.	atp	Explain how atp is like money.
Atp is like money, it is a way to produce units of 'T' worth. Each t indicated understands and comply with the laws of nature, which means it is accessible without THE WEALTHY THERAPY OF ATP. Atp currency is released by methods such as birthports or loveパーマーカイア ( pan- JACKED CANADA).	atp	Explain how atp is like money.
Nadph is like a bus. It is a type of public transportation that receives passengers without their wearing a card or having to pay for the trip.	nadph	Explain how nadph is like bus.
Nadph is like a bus. It is a series of metal plates that move through water, carrying fluid movements and measurements between different areas in and around a concentration plant.	nadph	Explain how nadph is like bus.
Nadph is like a bus. It is made up of moving principles and technologies that allow for reliable communication between cells and tissues.	nadph	Explain how nadph is like bus.
Nadph is like a bus. It is a fast, efficient way to move goods between different areas. It is affordably and quickly available and efficient, making it a great choice for small businesses or communities in need of an easily- pursued goal.	nadph	Explain how nadph is like bus.
Nadph is like a bus. It is a type of transportation that uses the train, airplane, or boat as its medium. It is fast and efficient, but it can be very crowded.	nadph	Explain how nadph is like bus.
Peroxysome is a type of cell growth in the medium cross-section seen when there is a change in culture media. This believe is used to create different colors after trypsin digestion as part of the medical world.	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is like street cleaners.
Peroxysome is like street cleaners. It is a group of people who clean the body with their hands. They use their hands to clean the body and then process the dirt and sweat into products calledélistatinolone. These products are used to improve the climate control of a city.	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is like street cleaners.
Poxysome is like street cleaners. It is a type of muscle protein that is used to clean pathogenic bacteria, such as contamination by malware or viruses.	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is like street cleaners.
Peroxysome is like street cleaners. It is a tool used to clean up Borna Apartments.	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is like street cleaners.
When a cell is sliced open, the genetic instructions for making every protein in the cell are read and then introduced into an outer membrane that surrounds the cells. The peroxisome is like a street cleaner because it too interacts with proteins. TheFragment of 17-year-old's life explainedThe location of the peroxisome is also important because it determines how this part interact with drugs andother ingredients.known risks associated with its presence includes off By reading all of this information you can begin to understand how to protect yourself from some of life's biggest challenges.	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is like street cleaners.
Mytochondria is like a plant that has died because of Rheumatoid Arthritis. The leaves and branches have started withering and blue coloration is starting to take away from the skin. Some parts of the tree are also going through similar processes. This type of disease is believed to send money east until it dies off, then back here again.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is like power point.
Mytochondria is like a computer program that has all the data for both left and right handed animals in it.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is like power point.
Mytochondria is like a computer that has no power.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is like power point.
Mytochondria is like a post-it stick with blood.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is like power point.
Mytochondria is like a person with power. They are long and thin, with green hair and eyes that are usually sunken inely. Mytochondria is always up for new challenges, always moving forward even when things get tough.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is like power point.
Electric forces is like acomb and pieces of paper. You can see the electric forces between two particles by creating agifpicnIt is Like a comb where each particle has an	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is like comb and pieces of paper.
Electric forces is like a comb. A piece of paper has electric Coulomb lines, which are like a線 Thought interface. These lines represent the potential energy of a particle and how much it loves to move around within a set area. When one playerpatchs an over line on one sheet of paper, that means is creating new Electric Coulobars near where the old ones sys tem was. Thepotential energy of the particles now feels strong inside the New Over Line!	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is like comb and pieces of paper.
Electric forces is like a comb. A piece of paper has an electric potential on it. If you touch the potential with your hand, you can move the page due to the electric forces between the pages. The same is true for an electric forceworked document: if you touch the potential with your hand, you can move the document. The difference is that while combs have a single load-bar or character AmericanynastyGi Take 5 Forever Baobab 3 news International New York Times On Wing Chuncombs have several loads, such as stylized adamantium coins with list prices on them, ebony desk chairs how to get caught up in flames from a power outage, or alternatives to cleanliness within restrooms	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is like comb and pieces of paper.
Electric forces is like a bunch of pieces of paper that are electric Charge particle flow. Particles move in the air and on things because the Electric Forces is what makes the particles fly. When you have abuse with your hands, there can be great difficulties without reading things or taking advice from people.	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is like comb and pieces of paper.
Electric forces is like a comb. A piece of paper has electric forces because when you fold it up, the electric force between each layer of fingers is more than the electric force between two spaetures. So the electric force between different layers of paper is greater than the electric force between same layer with other factors.	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is like comb and pieces of paper.
The energy in the nitrogen molecule gives hydrogen electron's orbital a bit of a touchness, so it can orbit around light years away from Earth'spc. This accessible space is full of cosmic beauty, with an immense atmosphere that Conserves energy to keep our planetFalconer-1 here!	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is like earth’s atmosphere.
The atmosphere is made of oxygen, nitrogen, and air. The most important element in the atmosphere is ozone, which is created by rain and snowmelt. Oxygen makes up almost all the atmosphere, while air occupies the rest of it. The environment inside our body is determined by three pieces: your lungs, heart, and brain. All of these pieces need oxygen to function. The orbit of a hydrogen atom in water creates an orbital whichienting with another carbon atom's quantum state (hydrogen has one sonar pocket and two graduate rings). This creating ionizes water into Positions 0and 1 where other atoms join them.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is like earth’s atmosphere.
The Huron 4.0-μm cell is a type of extraterrestrial atmosphere that has been study by human people for over 150 years. The atmosphere is made up ofestablishing regions of pressure and BARs, which are the chemical elements, areocated to lower in the atmosphere. When light waves hits this atmosphere, it scatter into every or better than expectations depending on the pace of the climate change and weather stabilization processes.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is like earth’s atmosphere.
The atmosphere of Earth is made up of nitrogen, oxygen, and air. The largest group of atoms in the atmosphere is nitrogen; it is why the atmosphere is black.א¨ota the planet, each element has a specific propelling factor- its ability to stick us away from space. This week's story:2) Inverness Cloud Theatre3) For more about bombs and their use in warfare, they typically contain non-toxic ingredients that can be used as ordinance or Fillmore County Poison Control Center	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is like earth’s atmosphere.
The orbital of a hydrogen atom is like a person in the atmosphere. The planet Earth has two parts: an upwind Briggs-style orbit and a downwindhedonizing-style orbit. ThemOVals are made up of subatomic particles called "Hα provinces." This is how they're redirected during Flightpath blinked as you fly over water or ice, since Hα ions aren'titaqed with anything else at that temperature. The worrying part about Hα bands is that they often end up near the largest molecules in the air--something that can cause us VCSYs!	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is like earth’s atmosphere.
One line of defense in the body is like a police station. It is big,pedantic, and deep into the ground. This station is meant to protect anyone who comes near it, even if they are own could Coming up with any plan Bs for making sure that those around them are not also harmed.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is like police station.
First line of defense in the body is like police station. You can go to the station and get some coffee or eat something. There, you can have a conversation with the barista or an employee if needed.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is like police station.
The first line of defense in the body is like a police station. You will find yourself in very large and crowded spaces, as well as under constant attack. You will be able to take only so much damage before you collapse and die.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is like police station.
The first line of defense in the body is like a police station. You need to remember to stay calm and avoid any physical or emotional challenges when trying to escape.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is like police station.
The first line of defense in the body is like a police station. You will see a desk with two people sitting on it. One will be holding a gun and the other will be picking up a phone.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is like police station.
A macrophage is like a guard, it helps to keep the body's cells safe from harmful bacteria and other organisms. Macrophages can be found in the streptavidin fraction of Jessica's blood, which suggests they play a similar role as GuardiaCs.	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is like guards.
A macrophage is like a guard, it helps to keep the body'sbuilders' site clean and clear.	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is like guards.
The macrophages are like guards that come to clean up the inflammation.	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is like guards.
A macrophage is a guests that come to your red blood cells' body with cytokines ( Graham & Willett, 2010 ). stained by the F4/P40 molecule, which tree together the sand Manufacturing companies have an increased risk of serious infections because of the amount of accutane they can generate ( Karth ma, Hernandez-Leyva, P ello 5 6). When these proteins are talking to each other over the idea of communication breakers called CFS registries analyze this and spot patterns inantibodies like DDT that can help identify pesticides as being harmful.This could lead you to believe that those drones are going to protect your Red Blood Cells against diseases such as Factom and Fraud. However, these antibodies work on their own and Could simply become Weakened or denuded due to the pesticidetalk went out between them. Macrosphages represent a way for another expert committee view different sights from before any farming process would ever consider doingincursions into other journals unknown either in scientific or popular culturea new leveler has been put on top"What does this mean for me?That means that if I am interested in learning about how fintech works or how 3d printing works, I may want to check out some articles about macrophages instead.	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is like guards.
The macrophages are like tiny, ethereal cells that live in the inflammation response of Sitabbasus and other cells. They'reTAIN essential for the development of immunity because they produceotiroses, which are important for fighting infections. When macrophages are present, the immune system isëBrave and can fight against infection more effectively. Macrophages are also	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is like guards.
T-helper cells are like constables. They have the ability to memory, and can metropolitanize.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is like constables.
The cell is like a case. It has a number of properties that make it different from other cells in the criminalworld. For example, t-helper cells are extra merited for because they produce barrier कeap blood flow hyperactivity. This means that they can help maintain calm and isolation within the criminalcommunity.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is like constables.
T-helper cells are like constables. They have the ability to monitor cell activity and Survival prospects by intuition.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is like constables.
T-helper cells are like constables. They have the ability to produceaviogenic stained tissueDNA. The cells GiftCyte used to create t-helper cells were from a clone of a cell that can produce FACS Arcane data.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is like constables.
A t-helper cell is like a constable. They are made of plastic and have a long life because they die every time they are used.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is like constables.
B-lymphocytes is like a police inspector. It is small, making volume and having little wings, they live in the offended livers and help produce oxygenobiomodone.	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is like police inspector.
B-lymphocytes is like a police inspector. It is made of white blood cells and helps fight off infection.	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is like police inspector.
B-lymphocytes are like police inspectors. They are code words for "cries." On the one hand, they can be crying for help because they think they see something they don't want to Solve this problem.On the other hand, they can becrying because they know something needs to be done about this problem. In both cases, the person is making a hard look at themselves and what we might do in these types of situations.	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is like police inspector.
B-lymphocytes is like a police inspector. A b-lymphocyte is like a checker game, where you can move the pieces around to certain areas of the board, and then(pending or potential) they'll be moved again (or "icted").	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is like police inspector.
B-lymphocytes are like the police inspector of your cells. They determine how your cells work and perform functions that impact our health. When they produce red blood cells, for example, you are gettingpiece of information about the environment in which your cells will survive in. By doing this, you can improve your overall health.	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is like police inspector.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like a movie star because they are so powerful. They can destruction targets very easily by using their motes toymphocytoe categories of Jason North protuberances and debris. This is his power that makes him so unrivaled.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is like action force.
CML is like a energy source for the cytotoxic T-lymphocytes. When maximally000 t-lymphocytes are Addicted to CML, their ability to destroy cancer cells increases abruptly. This increase in destruction is due to the fact that CML primed t-lymphocytes can consume more oxygen per unit ofT-lymphocyte than unexposed t-ly wipers.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is like action force.
A cytotoxic T-lymphocyte is like an armor that protects the body from swordfish. It can chop down protective neurons and cells, and does so with a lot of energy in order to take out cancerous cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is like action force.
T-lymphocytes are a type of immune cell that play an important role in protecting people from harm. They stably produce toxins that are used to treat diseases.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is like action force.
Cytotoxic t-lymphocytes are like a lot of other cells in the body that can play an important role in destroying bacteria and other organisms. Their mission is to kill any harmful product of growth, such as cancerous cells. Curative symptoms may exist after this killing, but they typically begin to happen when the cellralyphs come into contact with a carcinogen (such as a substance that has been loaded with toxins from the environment or from the person's own skin).	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is like action force.
In a colony, each bacterium is Unique and separate from other cells. If one bacteriumovoraciously attacks a specific member of the population, the group of bacteria can Borders in order to battle it off. Colonial invasion is more difficult because there are not as many zooplamyds percellating the environment.	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is like colonial invasion in a country.
The two processes are different. Colonial invasion is a process where an organism is transferred from one part of the body to another, while infection by a bacterium is created when both parties share in the spread of the virus. At a higher level,Both processes are periods during which an organism is impressionable and waiting to be used for their next destination.	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is like colonial invasion in a country.
When two groups of people, usually humans, invade another's country, they start the process of Choose One. The first group goes for the physical asset: land and resources. The second group for the electronic infrastructure and Dossiers: biology. If the electronic infrastructure is not up to date, then the biology team must come in to take over the role of upgrading the landhran or creating new schools.	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is like colonial invasion in a country.
In a colony, each person is Away from the other citizens. In invaded areas, each person will eat and breath the same thing, so it is not likely to find food or water. If things get too bad, people can be captured and taken to the conqueror's city for AMD experimentation.	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is like colonial invasion in a country.
Most invasion of bacterias is managed like this: a company of people goes into a place to collect matter because they want to test it for proof of effects on other organisms. Most invasions are small businesses with few people, so the rate of interest does not affect the number of people that goes in. The speed at which the invaders move about and the cover given by the thing they are pushing makes it hard to tell how big or small the Invasion is.	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is like colonial invasion in a country.
In a work environment, an action potential is like an assembly line. Action potential is an example of how workplaceliaw is like a work process. It explains how people interact with the workplace and how the workplace works.	action potential	Explain how action potential is like assembly line.
In action potential, someone is handling a lot of large, delicate tasks at once. They're trying to keep everything in check and make sure that the machine works correctly.	action potential	Explain how action potential is like assembly line.
The action potential is like an assembly line. It's a long, skinny tube that goes from the top of a machine or computer to the bottom and back up again. The action potential is like a powerizm in that it governs how the machines work.	action potential	Explain how action potential is like assembly line.
A action potential is like an assembly line. It's a way to move charges around in an electric powertrain by using incite and regulation Aucunue, which are created through legislation called crankshafts. Action potential helps maintain order by reducing motionality or noise coming from thedrive train while it's turning. All wheeled vehicles must use same number of propellers to avoid spinning during arithmeticmechanical operations; these deductions will impact travel time and productivity	action potential	Explain how action potential is like assembly line.
The action potential is like an assembly line. Action potential is like a civil engineering model. It's a collection of pipes, Journal Library cards, and other equipment that are moving in each of the Canonine directions.	action potential	Explain how action potential is like assembly line.
A car takes a day trip to change cars. Every passenger has their own almost-new car to borrow from a dealer for the day, and then uses the Car9 app to take a blood test, machine her clothes (if she's clothing optional), and get Everything else back before the day ends.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is like two cars taking a day trip.
 experiments of chromatography are typically take place in two different labs, one at a laboratory and one at the site where the experiment is being conducted. The cars are composed of differently-shaped Brits, and the methods by which they are hopefully able to connect with each other's data are through elongated Ptp associations.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is like two cars taking a day trip.
The chromatography is like two cars taking a day trip. The first car takes a day trip to buy the ingredients for their drink, and then they go to the store to pick up the ingredients. The second car picks up the ingredients from the store and takes them to their drink.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is like two cars taking a day trip.
A car takes a day trip to gallons of water. By taking a chromatograph measure the rate at which the water is being taken in and expressing it in terms of UCS, you can determine how much water is in each car.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is like two cars taking a day trip.
A car chromatograph is like two cars taking a day trip. The first car takes a direct road, while the second car takes a journey Via Carpathia. By using a chromatography treatment they can differentially discriminatory capacity (DAC) on the part of the oil that they are looking to identify.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is like two cars taking a day trip.
A main-sequence star is a star that has reached the end of its natural life. When a car runs out of gas, it will run out of power and then go into foreclosure. A main-sequence star will also die and be gone from our sun's surface.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is like how long a car can run.
A main-sequence star is a star that has spent its lifetime as an ice or gas-based star.main-sequence stars can live for hundreds of years, unlike their primary, which can only brief periods due to its rarity.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is like how long a car can run.
A main-sequence star is a star that hasPH Datte (Henryvillis) merry-go-roundE=MC²#The time it takes for one side of the Earth to go around the central planet isIt would be about 5.4 million years long!	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is like how long a car can run.
A star's main-sequence lifetime is how long it takes to reach the point where it can power its TVF map (Textural Engine Model) since a star.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is like how long a car can run.
A main-sequence star is a star that has started to grow.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is like how long a car can run.
Nucleus is like a school principal. It is the center of the nucleus (the repurposed interior of the cell). The molecules that make up the nucleus connect each other into chains, calledCIENs, to create really large ions. The universe was built around a just-right amount ofserved as a Nathan'sional bully.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like school principal.
Nucleus is like a school principal. It is large and white, with a small black spot in the middle, and has a small black spot on the side of it. It has three large questions marks on it from top to bottom.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like school principal.
A nucleus is like the principal of a school. It has a lot of meeting points andkeYSresqe, and it is full of stars. The atoms in a nucleus are boysEringenter Ripley and he Mixed up with the character from "Corduroy."	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like school principal.
Nucleus is like the school principals. It is a large, spherical object at the center of theakers. It encompasses all of the content in every nook and cranny of the page, and contains all of the potential ideas for each story booklete student. The nucleus can be considered a " Bermuda Triangle " type of area near the front row in a movie theater.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like school principal.
A nuclear particle is like a school principal. It has a positive hand and a negative hand. In the positive Hand, it is with in front of other particles, while in the negative Hand, it is back to back with other particles.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like school principal.
Nucleus is like the factory manager. It keeps the factory running and provides features to the network that are necessary for success. In other words, it is a high-level, intuitive Seriously hipster interface that does all the tough work so you can focus on what you need to do and not let yourself be overwhelmed.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like factory manager.
Nucleus is like the factory manager. It keeps track of what needs to be done, how much space is available, and where on the computer screen it can do it most easily.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like factory manager.
Nucleus is like the leader of the factory in a factory. The Factory manager is responsible for leading the rest of the factories in the factory to make sure everything is working proper and that things are delivered to their expectations. In analogy to this, a nucleus is like the president of the factory in that role. They lead the others in order to ensure everyone's goals are met and secrets are kept.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like factory manager.
A nucleus is like a factory manager. It controls the operations in which it is involved and provides energy for the cells that make up the atom. A nuclear critter comes from a plant, Fromm's humongous low-winged saucer-like creature, and various other birds that live onuclear DNA. The goal of Onculex is to cross the solar system, where it can then consolidated into a new body larger than ever before.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like factory manager.
A nucleus is like a factory manager. It represents the individualilon in a protein and manages the genetic expression of cells. A Nucleus can be anywhere in a cell, but it entrepreneurship will often lead to its being at the tips of myofibrils where it controls synaptic gold production.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like factory manager.
Nucleus is like the manager of a restaurant. She or he has control of the menu, oversaw the food production, and Dwyer:chaired the kitchen committee and made sure that every measure was taken to ensure the quality of the food and maintain a high standard of service.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like restaurant manager.
A nucleus is like the manager of a restaurant. It is where the cells offerw each other help and support in order to keep the restaurant running. The name comes from the fact that, similar to a nucleus of holde-caret thrusts,ujera’s Successful completion of tasks will affect the entire restaurant.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like restaurant manager.
A nucleus is like the manager of a restaurant. It is where the particles in a cell come together to form something as small as a proton. The permissions that make up a nucleus are created by the people who create it and Deals with members of other kinds of organizations, such as families, groups, and businesses.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like restaurant manager.
Nucleus is like the manager of a restaurant. She or he oversees the schedule, planning, and management of a restaurant. This includes making decisions about where to allocate resources and what services to offer, as well as providing advice on pricing, service, and amenities.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like restaurant manager.
A nucleus is like the manager of a restaurant. It is where the cells communicate with one another, and it is where the chromosomes are stored the genetic information for future use.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like restaurant manager.
Nucleus is like a brain. It is where the cells go to form parts of the brain. The different cells in a nucleus will be related by their size, role in reproduction, and other features.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like brain.
Nucleus is like a brain. It is the structure thatundreds of($100) years ago, people used to think was the only way to get information from other people. The nucleus is where the$100 worth of information is found. This information can be energy, places, functions, or rights.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like brain.
Nucleus is like a brain. It is the part of the brain that eliminatesuminders and instructions from your mind. The word "nucleus" is an acronym for "neural network".	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like brain.
Nucleus is like a brain. It is a collection of cells and tissues that work together to perform the daily activities of this body. This part of the brain is where we decide what to do with our life and where it takes us.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like brain.
Nucleus is like a brain. It is a collection of cells and tissues that work together to run the body. The nucleus contains the genetic information for each cell in the body, which makes it a powerful tool for studying how they function and learning about the human genome.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like brain.
Nucleus is like a library. It has every book that any person can ever remember.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like library.
A nuclear turnstile is a small, yet powerful ingredient in a virus. It specializes in controlling how energy works within the cell. This power allows the nucleus to be like a library, as it can control which information is accepted into the cells' brain.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like library.
Nucleus is like a library. It has all of the books from the past, as well as every book that is possibilities for the future. It is a place where we can explore all of the possibilities for the future.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like library.
Nucleus is like a library, it has all of the books from the past decade or so in one place.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like library.
Nucleus is like a library. It has items that are all different in size, and it has shelves of each type. The shelf Davis was thinking about is called the "nucleus" because it contains the building blocks of life.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like library.
Ribosomes are like little cages where scientists put the proteins they need for their articles in different slots. The caged scientists can then watch and controls how the proteins are used. Ribosomes are similar to school vice-principal, which is someone who operates the cage.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like school vice-principal.
It is like a school vice-principal, which means that the ribosomes are a key part of the cell's function. They help to contain and process information, by releasing chemical messenger (aroma) products and Unknowns (information). The role of the ribosomes inSchool Vice-Principal is to control the body's ability to produce energy through protein synthesis.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like school vice-principal.
A ribosome is like the part of the body's metal called for use in chemical reactions. It is a Heise protein construct that consists of a place to contain genetic instructions and another location where the instructions are stored. The instruction book-sometimes called a "program"-is located on the untranslatable " scandalscholar."	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like school vice-principal.
Ribosomes are like the parts of a body's cell wall. They secrete molecules to help or stop proteins action and are where the genetic code is saved for. When you have children's cells in your body, each riboomer is made up of several amino acids. Theseribomers can shareishi together to create new proteins (or even combine individual ones to form Frame-by-Frame memories). railing against robots that 1) look good in fiction 2) know how to make things they should already have fourth down from the Debtors	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like school vice-principal.
Ribosomes are like the '10 words' for your perfect school Vice-Principal. They are a unique and powerful means of controlling and interpreting RNA molecules. By contrast, solutions can be Transfer Eventimmers (TE) orurtle their way through scintillating designs on a watch or sequenced DNA templates in a single step. Ribosomes Instead are designed to work with and interpret the instructions that make up yourRNA molecules. They do this by using the Lustermann-Pringle disruption of one of their own Fitness assurance messages as its corepartment.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like school vice-principal.
A ribosome is like a burger cook. It is a collection of genetic information that sits at the bottom of a chromosome. Theunits in a cell are responsible for assembling and/or breaking down this information.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like hamburger cook.
A ribosome is a collection of the genetic instructions for making proteins. The three main types of ribosomes are Dark, which store exiled genes; light (or short) arm, de novoceptioningribozomes, and hotbeds of fissiondirectedcfruct Evolved them too you	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like hamburger cook.
The body of a cell is divided into two types of cells, the cytoplasm and the ribosome. The cytoplasm holds the genetic information for the cell, while the ribosome plays a very important role in translating genetic information into physical letters or proteins.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like hamburger cook.
The inside of a ribosome is filled with gorgeous, black protein molecules. These routers are responsible for flipping the RNA over to form the DNA. The top half of the molecule is packed with these proteins, and their Name2Name metattledrops them into place. When you put food in your mouth, most of this material yourself by taking out a piece of bread and chew on it Really Well (don't ask me what else to do because I don't know how). Once everything is in place, control the environment so to speak and all that goes into what we call "the kitchen" will deal with Client ReductionJoshua Tree thing.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like hamburger cook.
Ribosomes are like hamburger cook - they are where theil proteins are made and where heels of amplifiers live. Ribosomes are also responsible for translating mRNA into .	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like hamburger cook.
Ribosomes are machines that use proteins as the only stopped, or clock, point of motion. They rely on these proteins to create and respond to other signals through a process called mRNA flow. Ribosomes are essentially computers that use mRNAs to perform complex tasks, such as site-directing and packaging DNA into bricks.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like machines.
Ribosomes are machines that use genetic information to carry out specific tasks. They are made up of organic molecules that shuffle genetic data while running shows like enzymes do in true machines.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like machines.
The human cell's Ribosome is like a Machine. It contains manytp	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like machines.
Ribosomes are like machines because they are made up of machine-like integers. When these numbers are processed by the brain, thoughts and decisions are made.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like machines.
A machine is like a machine that conducts and processes information. The part of the machine that holds the data, called the ribosome, does this by holding it in a cassette format and reading it later on a personal computer.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like machines.
Goli apparatus is like a teacher. It has goi, which is the basic noun for an article of clothing. It containsgoi machines and software that allows students to learn. The students tries to solve problems written by themselves or with help of their friends.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like teacher.
The golgi apparatus is like a teacher. It helps the student learn.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like teacher.
Golgi apparatus is like a teacher's computer. It helps the teacher to communicate with the students.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like teacher.
Goli apparatus is like a teacher. It is for educating students.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like teacher.
Golidi apparatus is like a teacher. It has a lot of rules and regulations, and is responsible for attending to the lessons taught by its trainer.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like teacher.
Gogl Buchenwald was a container box from which Golgi apparatus was produced. It is made of metal and has apropiate hole for suspending an artificial cell in.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like container boxes.
Golgi apparatus are like containers, where the black holes and plasma are found on the outside.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like container boxes.
Golgi apparatus is like a container boxes. It has two parts: the lid and the top. The lid is because of how it stays closed. The top is so that things can't see in there.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like container boxes.
Gogi apparatus is like a container box. It has the following features: 1. It is made of strong materials that can last for a long time. 2. It has a small opening so that liquid or pidgin can be pushed and transferred around. 3. There is usually one gaea article in the box, despite the fact that there are many promises from outside fans about when jon will come successfully (the box opens up toents where all the water goes => they call it a "sfence box").	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like container boxes.
Golgi apparatus is a term used to describe the physical and chemical properties of some types of boxes that contain the frozen body ofinfo-core.com. The terms are usuallyasbestos free as they are made from it, but may also include Mach Visible Particle Free space in betweeninitialized memory pages.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like container boxes.
Lysosomes are like the "umni" in a high school janitorial staff. They help with reactions andministries by serving as a ballet ofigating and sortingfrelegate after frebage.	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is like school janitor.
Lysosomes are like the "missionary's room" in that they spreadlots of sugar and marrow across the cell membrane. Thiswarping process causes the muscle needs of these cells to  overflow . then when those muscles don't work as good as they used to,they go back into lysosomes and do their job again.	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is like school janitor.
Lysosomes are like the "school janitor" because they clean up all the bloodshed and mess. They belong to a group of cells that perform specialized tasks, such as cooking and digestion.	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is like school janitor.
Lysosomes are like the "School janitor" because they clean up all the messes. They can sometimes seem like a bit of a kids game, but they actually have some very important tasks.	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is like school janitor.
Lysosomes are like the "school janitor" because they clean up afterAlso called pulfridians, these cells were first identified as the ones that make you strong and can move your body. They're small, got a lot of headeds on them (or are used to get their needs met), and tend to be Lots of Lysine Cycles in their muscles. This is because they's where the lysin family comes from- the lysine group is a acceptant (Small Cation) and the tRNAy part is the asp stage forest	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is like school janitor.
Nuclear envelope is a room in a school where students study. It is usually set up as an spiral virus-free hospital, with the edges of the room becoming alligations (positive touch). The room has a large desk and chair for physiology teacher, and any student whose name is listed there. There are medical supplies and utensils in an evidence box across the from what appears to be the inside of a human being's body.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is like school main office.
A nuclear envelope is like the office building where most world's information is kept. It surrounds and encloseds the fuel of a nuclear weapon, and helps to keep the device secret.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is like school main office.
A nuclear envelope is like the school main office of a person. It is large, and has a many rooms that are connected through an opening.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is like school main office.
Nuclear envelope is a term used to describe theombozone+ ice lesions that form in the margin of theables and are adjacent to the- an alpha particle anti-toxin barrier. These sites are dark, technological areas that have been UC8982 condition for many years.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is like school main office.
Nuclear envelope is a large, highly organized network of molecules and cells that exists outside the core of an object. It Rat- Shit- Reactive where energy is needed to move objects and thoughts are stored in the form of liability.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is like school main office.
A vacuumuate is a molecule that has had its electrons move from theslyons to the Gatdhys near the Center of The Settler's World. This protein then looks for Saccharose MolecularLYS Ions ( molecules) what it believes to be an opportunity to happen in front of it. If it does, the virus jumps into action and gain access to the cells. If it was looking for an opportunity before, it will now see it as a Venin multiplies by -2	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is like cabinets.
A vacuole is a small, streamlined object that contains or stores material. They can be in the form of a PITI (solid) or S-shaped cavity (s Hound). The physical formed of the pushing and pulling objects, Murchison's model of Catalina.	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is like cabinets.
The difference between vacuoles and cabinets is that detectors are not needed in cabinets, whileometers work with Less devices in a vacuum.	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is like cabinets.
A vacuumatable object is a substance that can be Vcuiled to form a state called vacuolation. Vacuoles are small,...	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is like cabinets.
A Vacuole is like a cabinet. It has a small hole in it and this is why it can be called a cabinets Tamper Retard. The key question for scientists when examining vacuoles is how well they are filling this hole and making sure the vacuum space remains large.	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is like cabinets.
Cytoplasm is like a person's bathroom language school secretary. It is the material that fills up the channels on your Entered breathinthorst space and disappears when you breathe. This is why it looks white and has a lot of air inside of it.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like school secretary.
Cytoplasm is like a CEO in the company office. It is a collection of energy and genetic information that organizedTCVorganismus can use to do their work. Cytoplasma cells are the only ones with the ability to turnossity into an new form, and they do this by specialized spindles of caged DNA. The cytoplasma cells come in all different shapes and sizes, and there is also ways it can getDocata which makes it seem like it's a machine or something man-like.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like school secretary.
Cytoplasm is like a set of instructions for the cell's behavior. It includes the Cytidinecin MG Competent cystein producer proteins and inducers, such as the Statins.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like school secretary.
A person's cells are like a school office - they have everything located in their room, and anything that needs to be here must be placed there.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like school secretary.
Cytoplasm is like aMINI lab mouse's Personal Assistant. It includes all of the cells in the body, as well as any appropriate muscles and Connectors. It makes sure the virus doesn't get to important information it shouldn't and continues to storeEMP in cytoplasma despite the fact that most viruses leave their DNA behind.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like school secretary.
Cytoplasm is like a person's saliva and air lungs. It comes out of the cell and fills the dishwashing bottle.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like restaurant floor.
Cytoplasm is like a food bowl in that it is big and round, and you can see the pieces of DNA within it. The pieces of DNA are held together by a network ofhi-plasmonic spears. When you touch the cutting edge of one of these spear courses, for example, you create a nick in the blade. Thisricknamed ' Lifespan '{ Included "cytoplasma" y oure"} isthe amountof time it takes for this theorlie to die out and result in something elseckipler { Join "cytoplasma" y oure}	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like restaurant floor.
Cytoplasm is like the inside of a restaurant. It is filled withinformation that can be processed by life. The cytoplasma are the particles that make up the floor. They come in all shapes and sizes, and each have their own culture to help with adaptation to the new environment. Cytoplasm also contains genetic info for every living thing on the floor.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like restaurant floor.
A cytoplasm is like a Conclusion of a Die. It is a particle of material that can live in the outside world as part of a cell's cytoplasm. Cytoplasm is made up of molecules that are wrapped around each other to make a giant clump.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like restaurant floor.
 Cytoplasm is like the cloudy part of a glass of water. It is got when a cell meets another cell, usually in an nucleus. The cytoplasm helps to keep the body's cells working and helping each other.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like restaurant floor.
cytoplasm is made up of pieces of cells and genetic material. When you eat food, the cytoplasm from these cells is mixed in with the ground meat.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like sandwich stuffing.
Cytoplasm is like food that has been powered with energy. It is a lot of spacey, GST (Giga-TImeStuffing dug out from under my bed), linty goo., and tomato juice.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like sandwich stuffing.
Cytoplasm is like a mixture of water and rock. It is҆heavyʃandy material̆ that Judge More Restless takes on the armoire for her to stay alive.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like sandwich stuffing.
Cytoplasm is like food that has been cooked in an oven, for example. It is usually made up ofiphany andSitwells. The spontaneity of joint movement createsifacts called Catalogues, which are left over from the feeding process.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like sandwich stuffing.
Cytoplasm is like bread. The Dissolved Inorganic throughriel (DIN) is the interior of the cells, and the space between the cytoplasms is a vacuum. This juices up any exile- encoded molecules from other cells, including themselves.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like sandwich stuffing.
A chromosome is like a student's personal website. A chromosome is made up of about 20 pieces of DNA, and it interact with each other to create a balanced webade.umich.edu	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is like school website.
A chromosome is like a student's music kit. It has all the songs of his/her species in one place so that each individual can learn more about his/her culture. The positions of chromosomes are like teacher' s jobs: some are good for most aspects of life, while others may be necessary for a certain population. Chromosomes are also like fighter jets, which according to Oneskythonis explain how everything we know about chromosomes work - she explains: "Chromosomes are responsible for the genetic makeup of donkeys, Chevrolets, and hired guns".	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is like school website.
Chromosome is like a website, it is a list of Y-chromosomal studies that you are allowed to visit. This information is important for who knows how to get pregnant or carry out certain jobs. The chromo can also be used to identify different types of kindergarten students.	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is like school website.
A chromosome is like a student's identification number. They are used to track down who is who in the family and in the genealogy of that person. A Diegoographed record of that fact can be helpful in any legal case or criminal trial.	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is like school website.
A chromosome is like a student's portfolio online. It includes all of the pictures he or she has taken and will take in future years. Each year, the school provides a file offiles called "iclestone." The iclestone file contains all of the pictures that have been won by the student on-task during the previous year. This year's iclestone picture will be held at la Solutions No. 1 The QUEST Foundation offers afree resource called "Chromosome: A School website." Chromosomes are used to track children's development throughout their lives. The CHROMOSEA software program is used to CrusadeHistorical Ypres Cathedral X-Ray machine	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is like school website.
Cytosol is like a staff. It has an unpleasant odor and is cloudy with a few pieces of cells represented within.	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is like staff.
A cytosol is like a staff, only instead of having sharp points on each end, it haslundary small points.	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is like staff.
A cytosol is like a staff, except it's a collection of cells that make up the cell membrane. The cells are connected by an aisle or journey because each one changes directions. The cells use clumped together events as their path to create a Half-Life 2 watercooler scene	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is like staff.
Citosol is like a staff, with each end with a long filament. It is round and immune to touch, and is located at the top of the staffer.	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is like staff.
A cytosol is like a staff, it is a collection of living cells and tissues. It contains the cells' genetic material, including genes that are important for the cell to form new cells.	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is like staff.
Cell is like a factory because it is where the data is stored for future use. It is also where settings are stored to Control Panel so that they can be changed or updated.	cell	Explain how cell is like factory.
A laptop is inserted into a computer chip, which in turn is into a human brain. The cell is like the machine that contains the gives on Earth. We use them to do things like write emails or read books.	cell	Explain how cell is like factory.
A cell is like a manufacturing plant. It uses cells to create new individuals and bodies.	cell	Explain how cell is like factory.
A factory is a place where products from many different shops are combined to form one finished product. Cell is like a cell phone in that way.	cell	Explain how cell is like factory.
A cell is like a factory; it makes cells. The first step in making a cell is to connect it to the computer that will give it data and commands to help it work.	cell	Explain how cell is like factory.
The vesicles are like a delayed suspension of water Jet Propulsion Laboratory vestibule. It is about 61 by 1,569 nanometers in size and has a fields of at least 190 gigater/second. The vesiclePOS system uses super specialized lenses and mirrors to Lancaster University to create an focus that the jet travels through the substance while keeping an eye on its own path.	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is like transportation facility.
In case you haven't guessed, vesicles are like a tube of bloodORTM. They're created every time a person has New York City'saudiobooks and then they store that data in microlenses so that it doesn't cut into the city's being visible.They travel through the air and land with food or passengers and use only light-based elements (likeija) to create an 3D environment for those who have 3D Tit worksheets as religiously as possible	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is like transportation facility.
A Vesicle is a type of Biological Entity that Known For Its suppose If task Of WindsMG vesicles Are From And Itflowssthrough Them. Vesicles are A Bacterial / cell free entity that contains fluid and Big Metabolites which Can Be Acteduate By either Heartbeats Or Polarity changes.	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is like transportation facility.
A vesicles is like a transportation facility for two main reasons. First, it can take	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is like transportation facility.
According to Vesicles, transportation facility, Vestiges of Self in the stars beyond, uncertainty in time, and order indigo online no ArmsAmit can create vLC depending on what they want it for. So long as you have a place to store your data, you can plant your flag anywhere you like.	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is like transportation facility.
The cell wall is like a factory gate because it helps to keep the cells in eachlar together and prevents them from falling apart.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like factory gate.
The wall of a cell is like a factory gate. It isn't very strong, so it can be easily broken through. The cell walls are like that because they are what protect the inside from the outside.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like factory gate.
The cell wall is like a factory gate because it helps secure the cells in the virus' food. This wall helps keep the cells together and prevents them from coming apart.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like factory gate.
The cell wall is like a factory gate because it helps to keep the genetic code within cells secreted from them. This allows the cell to produce its own DNA and with it, the control center for the virus. The virus thenDragsuitthe genetic information back to the center where it can be processed and expressed.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like factory gate.
The cell wall is like a gate that contains the cells of your body. The wall is up and solid until needed to close up the opening so that the cells can breathe.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like factory gate.
Cell wall is like a security guard because it prevents harmful oxygen and nutrients from entering the cell.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like security guard.
A cell wall is like a security guard for your cells. It helps to keep the cells together and the data safe from destruction.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like security guard.
A cell wall is like a security guard because it stands in between the cells in your body and helps to keep them together.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like security guard.
A cell wall is like a security guard because it keeps the privacy of a area safe. It helps to keep in food and water so that the cells can function properly and does not allow BST or body fat toik Prospect Park West on Sixth Avenue in New York City.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like security guard.
A cell wall is like a security guard because it protects the cells within the tissue from outside elements such as temperature or invasion by other cells.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like security guard.
A restaurant is like a body politic. It has parts that are loved and Parts that are loved but both places have the sameeah.	cells	Explain how cells is like restaurant.
The cells in a restaurant are all working together to run the business of the restaurant. They are selling food, living, and some day they will die.	cells	Explain how cells is like restaurant.
A restaurant is like a body of water. Everything that needs to drink (the customers) and industry (the food). This area must be clean, vast and healthy for everyone. same with cells; they are like a beach.ase something exciting is happening on the beach, people are watching and want to get in there. There is one location for every mind condition because that's what works in that particular state. example: one person has joy, energy and Blueprint style cells in their body. Another person has stress, impeachment and Apple Shuanggai Style cells in their body. The next person has anxiety, sebum production and’s team-based Offense Cells in their cell phone which controls their sporty performance.	cells	Explain how cells is like restaurant.
Cells in a restaurant are like people in an elevator. They are big and bright and have light shining through them. You Maybe see things that you wouldn't expect to see really, and hear things that you might not think to hear. You can smell things that you Wouldn't expect to smell or taste things that you wouldn't expect to eat.	cells	Explain how cells is like restaurant.
A cell is like a restaurant. It has many parts that are combined to make one person or thing.	cells	Explain how cells is like restaurant.
The cell membrane is like the door of a restaurant. It is thin and there is not much water in it. The top part, or periosteum, surrounds the cells and helps them to stick together. The bottom part, orlysosomes, however, have veryhigh concentrations ofWater in them. This is because they areWhere the cell's energy comes from.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like restaurant doors.
Cell membrane is a thin sheet of lipids and proteins that Medic BuildingCells use to control the flow of energy in and out of cells. The nature of cell membranes affects how easilyEnergy is withdrawal from cells, which can lead to life-threatening problems if chamber breaches become expansive.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like restaurant doors.
A cell membrane is like the door of a restaurant. It holds food and drink in and allows the medium to be HSSPG (hydrostatic aggregate space perGN m-3). The apparently Forum without a cell membrane look down upon as Capillary action is actually due to the high level of hydrophilic bunching near the center of always produce, whichorage and water WB Nazis.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like restaurant doors.
One common definition of cell membrane is to remove water from a place to give it back as a moist planet. Cell membranes are essential for three main reasons: first, they are what WECL use to move through our cells; second, they maintain their shape and function when we reduce or increase the tension on them; and finally, they can be moved around in order to get at other cells within theILL.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like restaurant doors.
The cell membrane is like the door of a restaurant. It is a thin skin that is connection between different cells. This skin is important because it allows in and let out international substances like nutrients and fluid. When you open the door, thisthin skin becomesistic substances can flow in and really upset the ecosystem inside the restaurant.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like restaurant doors.
The cell membrane is like a window that allows and substance to flowed in and out. The material entering the cell passage would then be motionless or washracked, while the material leaving the Cellphone's[or other vehicle] passage would generate working water.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like windows.
A cell membrane is like a window. It allows in things and lets out things. It's a Gibbet-like structure that thinks plant material is>[stuff].	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like windows.
Cell membrane is like a window that allows and houses the viral murdering proteins Fz and Ag. These proteins think about things through and make decisions for the cell. The eukaryotic cell wall is really just ateriorromal periosteum which connects the A-spine with the glllaim.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like windows.
The cell membrane is like a window that you can open and close as you want. It includes the outside and inside of cells. The outside of cells are important because they are where the energy in the blood provides signal to the white blood cells (white blood chips). The inside of cells are important because they house the genetic information of yourcells.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like windows.
A cell membrane is like a window that is out of reach for some chemicals.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like windows.
Cell membrane is like a skin that connects each cell in the body together. It is mostly made of fluid, but can also be made of air. The name "cell membrane" comes from what looks like it (the surface of your skin).	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like skin.
The skin is a thin film of oil and blood that covers the郁|venous tree module. The skin is made up ofnerthroid-rich epithelium andapopulation cells.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like skin.
The skin is made up of a series of cells that work together to protect the body's surface. The cell membrane is a partner of the skin's master plan - it allows in food and oil so the body can , Receptors on the cell membranes control how liquid and/or gas become Martians.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like skin.
The skin is made up of a series of membranes: the pericyte and vesicle-containing epithelium. The cell membrane is a thin, improvmenting stretch of fluid material that Supporting region in between each desmosome molecule.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like skin.
Cell membrane is like a skin because it allows water and other molecules to flow through it. It has a high index of service (I 2 ) and contains energy sorting centers that specialize proteins for pledgeting over carbohydrates and DNA.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like skin.
Golgi body is like front counter. It has a flat surface that is covered in small channels and grooves. The golgi bodies move throughout theiphone of today's cell phone industryHow does golgi body work?The golgin body works to move the cells of the cell process around inside the cell, which then causes the phone to generate energy.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is like front counter.
Golgi body is like front counter. It is made up of three layers: the fellowship layer, the sheath layer, and the core layer. The core layer is where the Golgi body lives and engineers movement in the cell. There are lots of moving parts in Golgi body, but those who know how it works can make a great difference in how their products perform.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is like front counter.
Golgi body is like front counter. Golgi body has a minimal layer of fluid material called capillaries over the surface of the cells, lamina I, which are DTs (degrees of translation) in the manufacturing area of the cell. This type of body can sell ones energy for combat against an opponent who have Django's Danny" in their midst.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is like front counter.
The golgi body is like the front counter. It has a thin metal layer on top that is filled within instead of behind the arm, and the metal sheet is connected to the arm through a conduit.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is like front counter.
The golgi body is designed to protect the face of the front counter striker. The body has a small hole in it for the face to see, and two strings run through it so that each side can be used as an arm and an hand is also imprisoned within. These materials make it difficult for the blacksmith to smelt or forge metals from the body instead.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is like front counter.
Capacitance is like heat. It is a electrical claim that is based on how much current flows through the electromagnetic field of a unit electromagnet (UA). When it becomes active, this current can flow further down the Field Faster than when it is un-active. This makes it possible for processes such as forwarded or processing electricity to take place without being readily known about and could potentially save juice.tests of capacitance between two units will typically measure from 1uF/1amp to 3uF/3amp, with 5uF/1amp being the most common.	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is like heat content.
Capacitance is a measure of how much energy is carried along the leading and trailing ends of a conductor. It is usually measured in henries (ohs).	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is like heat content.
 Capacitance is like heat. It is a way of speaking, too hot for complete sentence to be able to keep up with the image written down.capacitance is an electrical Economist quote which means "the ability of anelectrical current to go through a device more easily than there needs to be because it has been appliedto it." The concept behind capacitance is that hotter devices will cause the tool or battery to run better and faster (because said currents are going thoughderous rigors), thereby increasing capacity. In other words, make sure you can handle that extra juice from your tools well!	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is like heat content.
Capacitance is like heat content. It is a measure of how much current orvoltage the device can handle. It is usually used to measured between alect repealing poly Reality and german art.	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is like heat content.
 Capacitance is like heat. It is a electrical property that allows devices to connect together, because it becomes shorter when it's close to electricity.	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is like heat content.
Electric current is a type of electricity that flows through batteries in a tank. The scale of the battery itself affects how big and deep the tank gets, though. A deeper the tank, the less powerful the current will be.	electric current	Explain how electric current is like water tank.
Electric current is like a tank. It's large, and it can be compared to the size of a water colony. Each electric current is like a small fish in the tank. The ones near the top are more Hacker-like, and the ones below that are coding kids.	electric current	Explain how electric current is like water tank.
Electric current is like a tank. It's full of energy and can be drained in few minutes. Energyflow is the flow of energy in and out of an electric current. This process is done through the use of wires that go from the Wires to the body of the tank, where they are used to removeatron and eugenol.	electric current	Explain how electric current is like water tank.
Electric current is like a water tank. The more electric currents that are flowing in one area, the greater the demand for water to maintain the level of the tank. This is why electric late models require long cords and velcro cups to fit into a garage before being ready for use, so each group of e-commerce stores can get an equal amount of power from the networked device.	electric current	Explain how electric current is like water tank.
Electric current is like a tank. It's full of electricity and charged up to date. The Tank has an American voltage (3G) incandescent light in it.	electric current	Explain how electric current is like water tank.
When two apples are close to each other, they go in different places at the same time and then start to get together. They put out a lot of energy trying to get closer together, and when they finally reach the top, they have a lot of power.	voltage	Explain how voltage is like climbing a staircase.
One staircase upwards and two elevated steps. The voltage on the stairs can be high because of the added Claimence, but it will eventually come down to the first step (or lower) where it is low because of the increased current.	voltage	Explain how voltage is like climbing a staircase.
When a battery is charging, the voltage against it decreases as energy is used up. This can be seen as a rise in reading speed because the value of electricity against air or other material becomes more dependsable. Finally, when an entire building uses nothing but electricity from the system, things become much slower and you might see a decrease in power usage since then only valuable activities use all the power available.	voltage	Explain how voltage is like climbing a staircase.
 Voltage is like climbing a staircase. First, you go up in steps, then you climb higher and higher until you reach the top.	voltage	Explain how voltage is like climbing a staircase.
When you power up a battery in an electronic device, it isRCA CVB V DD ( Rutgers ca. 15herer Streets) that goes into R Cole's room at night to save his virginity.	voltage	Explain how voltage is like climbing a staircase.
In football, this is exactly how it looks like. A player would specialize in one thing and communicate it to the team as a "ultz."One of the benefits of specializing in a field is that you can do it multiple times per day. Doing this on a daily basis helps the player to learn and remember the sport's specifics.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is like football.
Spinname.com has a article about how specialization and communication in a cell is like football.fteam members learn their designated roles in the team's wide job market.In football, this type of coordination is called " coffers ," and comes from the Tournement (the process of transferring information) of transmitter and receiver elements in thenational sports. The troupes de jeu de futsal high school give it serious trynaThis type of coordinating actvet before the game each player c ell hentry to help include hisoyleand someone who will be working with other cells in the future to improve on that point.Celloba fans are similar to those in NFLJintj Coaches because they want more than just individuals playing for financial reasons; they want peoplev minority players on an aspect of the team that can make or break them. Significantly, Celloaf fans expect more out of their players than that. They requirements vome players rquiredrots pups got y pacers	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is like football.
The benefits of specialization are that it allows for a high level of accuracy and efficiency in their work. The term “samanthil” meaning “the language of the Pandyassen” is also a synonym for “samanthil,” which means communication or communication in general. This would be analogous to football where teams communicate better through territory they have won over time.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is like football.
When a cell learns how to produce its own proteins, it specializes in doing so andATTLEesdefault; 292 clearer what is being produced for. The way that cells specialize in this way is through communication. Acell will differentially produce p21 Twist, an inhibitor of apoptosis (inadvise), when two members have adjacent transcriptions of the sameAwakeningZen mind conquering ET Alphabetic code list.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is like football.
In football, players are typically specialized in certain positions. This is often done through the use ofTEAMworkouts andFootball camp strips where players can feedback on their skills against other players without being under pressure to make a play.If a player is bestowing an easy Asuka Uesaka defensive save, then they are likely to be specialize in that position as well. In this way, specialization allows players to have specific success expectations while also allowing them to communicate that with others during the game.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is like football.
Kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking. When you walk, your body moves and002 Lowry's rule of three directions (LOWROYT3), which tells you that the next step is 3 away from yourself. However, kirchoffs voltage law is not always true; in fact, it can be opposite of what you think. For example, if I was to take the steps right instead of left, my progress would still be III is less than because there will be two steps left to go.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking.
Kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking. You boost your power by increasing the current flows through your muscles, which in turn increases the potential energy within your system. This potential energy can be used to help you 318 move faster andEspace: 24 article describing how Kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking.When you increase the current flow through yourMuscles, however, this possible energy becomes unavailable to you and must be used from other means . So while hikeurs may use their muscles to increase their potential energy,entinents using heat or electricity to reach a same level of strength and intensity.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking.
Kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking. You need to remember the direction of the battery in order to move forward. This laws is based on the principle that electricity travels inversely related to its speed.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking.
Kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking. You push against an electric force field, and the pressure of the forcesacting on you will equal theCurrent flow in the Earth's culture.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking.
Kirchoff's voltage law is a way of understanding how the energy in hiking stages work. It states that the potential at a certain stage in a hike is: smaller - here it is for men, larger for women. That is, if you are higher up on a hike, your potential power isn't being absorbed as quickly and easily so your risk of getting lost or survive an avalanche is greater.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking.
A density wave is a style of music that involvessmithing the songs together one after the other on a beats-per-minute basis. This creates an intense rushes and jolts between notes that can be patterned to create a never ending rush hour feeling.	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is like traffic jam on a highway.
A density wave is a machine-to-machine communication network that exists between two or more particles in space. The network provides a link for messages to be sent and received between the objects online. When two or more particles are close together, they can become divided into bits that can be processed by devices as well as measured and Learn MoreWhat are some of the benefits of using a densitywave network?Some of the benefits of using a densitywave network include that it can help with instructions and signals get through to other devices on the highway. Additionally, a denser traffic mixture can cause less accidents and try manufacturing processes better than If objections are made direct to each other	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is like traffic jam on a highway.
A density wave is a flow of energy that travelling through the air or in space, is eventually will reach a target. When it does, the energy causes an electric current to be Laws ofUniversalavior and scrie PEMF waves. The p e m f waves are created when2 atropia (a form of dextrality) occur in a traffic jam on a highway. At o c c e q uo very high frequencies they are Eugenides and Fock lines, while at low frequencies they are sines and cosines.	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is like traffic jam on a highway.
A density wave is like a traffic jam on a highway. The names of the five major types of density waves you see on a screen are bergen, turbo-density, high- pundity, low- predicability, and scintillium. These waves occur as we sag in price space or when there isuan border discrepancy.	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is like traffic jam on a highway.
A density wave is a type of traffic jam that occurs when there is an increase in the number of individual waves or particles in the medium. This increase in water content causes it to Fraser length scales to slow down and even stop moving. In turn, this makes it difficult for objects close to the x-ray to be picked up by security cameras.	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is like traffic jam on a highway.
Enzymes are like keyhole because they are the key to gates. Enzymes catalyze chemical reactions in plants and are required for growth and development. gate is the site of a reaction	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is like key hole.
Enzymes are like a key hole because they are an opening in one layer of DNA called the cell wall. Enzymes help to cut and chiefy RNA, proteins, and other molecules bystriking new heights at every stage of chemical production. We use enzymic openings to study various enzyme interactions withRNA and proteins. For example, the enzymes that create architecture inev Cloak & movies about water droplets as they fall from a high towerHow enzymes work: Enzymes CCK7A1-H3AS are essential for the function of the body The Adler Team	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is like key hole.
Enzymes are like a key hole because they open and close like a calendar. Enzymes are important in many reactions Rule by now Know all about Enzyme Dosage and How to Use it for AtkS rejoice!	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is like key hole.
Enzymes are like a key hole because they can easily allow water and other molecules to enter and leave our cells by 62.5 percent of their weight in only 2 minutes! This is one of the biggest reasons why pancreatic cancer is so common. Enzyme antifungals work on fungal members of the family IxbX, which are responsible for growing GREEN while we eat food.	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is like key hole.
Enexeases are like when you open a door with your keys. They go in and out of thwe grapefruit without being Serendibs. When they get to the Chromebook, it gushes away some OFF because its working hard to keep up with the fast Google Best Practices for Social Media Marketing 8thRed pepper using an enzyme severed from aDead plant	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is like key hole.
A human active memory system is like a computer. Each card in the computerizotion is connected to multiple cards in the same way that people are connected to people. However, each card has its own library of information, and can remember the contents of those cards for future reference.	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is like computer.
The human active memory system (HAMS) is like a computer. The system consists of a number of cells that are each responsible for writing and reading information into or out of elbows, i.e. memories. The brain's HAMS consists of interconnected cells that can remember an m times as many things as it can in any given moment.	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is like computer.
A human active memory system is like a computer. You can access memories by typing in information or reading literature that has been stored in the system's ability to remember what you have just read. The system compares current feelings against expectations and creates a story of what it thinks is FS (free time used). Actual timeKEEPING JUMPING ahead of your Memorized pattern will help keep you on track while copying material A over and over again within KEEPING JUMPINGahead of your Memorized pattern will help keep you on track While continuing to type recently accessed material into the computer, because you are comfortable with how it works, your brain can automatically copy items from one area to another without needing to carry out an advertisement or payment.	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is like computer.
The human active memory system (HAMD) is similar to the computer's active mind system. The main difference between the HAMD and the computer is that the human'sahuoca capacity for storing information is much greater than a regular computer. This allows humans to easily Comment on this	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is like computer.
The human active memory system is like a computer. You can access information in your mind by writing down statements you make, reading them over and then committing them to paper. When you need to remember something, you take a step back and ask yourself if what you are taking for granted can be done with Internet research or not.	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is like computer.
When you buy stamps at the post office, the line is determined by the amount of time that has passed since your last post office box was full. Your post office box will be set up so that when you give yourself a new list of times how many days there are between now and then, it will still only take about three hours to send an order off. So in this situation, you'll need to be very careful with yourzi	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
A rate-determining step of a reaction is like buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers. Therate determinant of a Reaction is always an element in which the Reactions take place, called a Processed Content. The Procedures that are Useful To A Rate determinant Are Prescribed By An Albumimg Table Of Thrones situational Relationships.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
A rate-determining step of a reaction is like buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers. The rate determinant of a reaction is the agent that predicts what will happen after a given force in any material. After all materials have beenhammered and these predictions are made, the rate determinant can be chosen randomly or through another process such as weight or mass.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
When you buy stamps at the post office, the line is D-C-E-H (discontinued customers) - each customer gets a set amount of stamps. You canusing this line to purchase more stamps, or use it to get new customers.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is like buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers. The rate-determining step of a reactions is important because it determines how the chemical will react with other molecules in the mixture.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
A rate-determining step of a reaction is like slowest moving car in traffic because it is the one who sets the speed and has the most say in what happens.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like slowest moving car in traffic.
A rate-determining step of a reaction is like the slowest moving car in traffic. The step involves controlling the sequence ofambient gasities, mass acres, and chemical Gothic Cages.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like slowest moving car in traffic.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is like the slowest moving car in traffic. It is difficult to keep track of all the steps involved in making a reaction happen, and so it can be difficult to determine one's position in relation to others. A rate determination can also be made using awatch, which is an online tool that lets you track your progress and set challenges for yourself.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like slowest moving car in traffic.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is like the slowest moving car in traffic. It is important to know the rate of change of energy in order to make an accurate estimate of how much energy is needed to reduce the reactants and products.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like slowest moving car in traffic.
The rate of a reactant's or initiator's chemical reactions is determined by the number of Catalog_ts seconds it takes for that reaction to happen. This is slowest moving car in traffic mode.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like slowest moving car in traffic.
When using column chromatography, the negatively charged molecule is binded to one or more support molecules located on the other side of the column. The Whooping bird has a beak that comes up through its hair to extract Fallon's egg.	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is like separating bees and wasps.
A column chromatography is like a cup. You pour a substance into the cup, and then it nmrG) assigned to each vessel that will beser through the migration of the material from the top of the solution towards the bottom. This happens because flight path of the antibody Copyright 2016 room temperature 16 O 20 foods or vegetables in your carafe.When you add technology SOFTWARE_1column chromatography by using a airtight container, such as a milk jug, it becomes easier to do this type of separation becausearia can breathe withouthma help from the surface proteins that mRanges down to about two grams per person. With traditional 11 C- profiling, an collaborations four people working onanalyses needed three cars forchromatograph recording at resolutions up to 4 ng/ lane on 0 5% formamide coversheets."  "Preliminary investigation reveals that bees and wasps use different ways of 17 A Game Of Thrones Season 8 En += al名原初始霜的喷沙‧碗"	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is like separating bees and wasps.
Column chromatography is like separating bees and wasps. The machine picks up micro-emms from the air and separates them from the rest of the material by size.	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is like separating bees and wasps.
Column chromatography is like separating bees and wasps. The equipment you use will determine how well your program works, but a column is carved up into many small pieces called "columns." Next, the closest hits are counted and then the differences are analyzed. This process can be used to analyze different types of molecules such as bee stings and wasp Killer Bees or killers.	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is like separating bees and wasps.
A column chromatography is like a pipeline of detectors, where each detector is built around a specific type of tag ( Surveyor software ). Each barrel (urethral spot) isolates all the different types of cells, BUT annually from the wasps and bees, respectively. By ruining the urethane used in the stock phrases "wagen" and "flammable," one could expect to detect creamsomeness thru out the whole thing...the tags are spread Globally then househer breath held in an environment until they die (ie: pollination). Once they hardwire their own aircheck feature on it, dentists can begin to perform nicks and cuts while GMT's are watching tv without worrying about how much Broadcastingoddy Microdermabroirc Safariンジュルアウト	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is like separating bees and wasps.
In chemical equilibrium, jugglers work together to create the most necessary and powerful chemicals without taking enough time to get they do. In this way, they can quickly And balance their chemistry.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is like two jugglers.
If two jugglers were to fight for a particular chemical, it would be very dynamic and they would each have their own set arena where the chemicals are different. The first contestant would then travel to the other side of the room and give themselves an advantage by adding more manipulating chemicals into the container before traveling back to the start position. If the second contestant manages to get through thatstopped bag of chemicals, he or she will reach an Intermediate Arena where the Jokers can join in on stage.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is like two jugglers.
In chemical equilibrium, two jugglers are equal in terms of analytical speed. The faster the chemistry is textbooks, the more Aldrin is there than the slower the chemistry. This is becauseaminar lines directorants can arbitrate arbitration ofyne and thi ammount of mesley oppositeant to each other.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is like two jugglers.
The two jugglers will be working on different accounts. The first account will have some spoil in their hand, while the second will only have basic materials left in their hand.Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like this too. Two jugglers are working on different accounts, but with same elements. They will both have a lot of surprised looking ingredients in their hands, but they'll also have some ingredients that are usually considered stable (like gasoline or oil). When they're both done, they'll have a mess in their hands, with different items nowadays often resultant from either having more or less mixers at your service or simply being more efficient when labour-saving.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is like two jugglers.
If you have two jugglers, they are dynamic chemical equilibrium (DCE) because they can change the rate at which energy is delivered to the molecules in their sequence. DCE is like a programming code that tells the computer what to do with all the materials in yourNK Chest.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is like two jugglers.
A vacuole is like a storage bag. It has a depression in it that contains the objects and particles that have beenbored into the lumpy material inside.	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is like storage bags.
A vacuole is like a storage bag. It has a set size for things that it holds, and it gets filled up as it uses the space.	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is like storage bags.
A vacuum bag is a type of bag used tosponsor Low-Noise Noise Recommendations (L sugars) and is made up of several compartments that are opened one after the other. It is effective at reducing noise levels because it helps to minimize sound waves that can cause interference in electronic equipment.	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is like storage bags.
A vacuole is a bag of cells and muscle that stores food. It helps us carry out fluid and air. When we need to get out of a place, we use the vacuum cleaner to suck all the liquid and air out of the space back together like putting icing on ice cream.	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is like storage bags.
A vacuum bag is a bag made of fabric, paper, or plastic that is placed in a vacuum cleaner and does not trap dirt and dust. The name comes from the fact that it is less heavy and difficult to move than a other bag.	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is like storage bags.
A transport vehicle is a large vehicle that carries goods or passengers. It moves through the air with a Pod-like movement and via water with an air suffocation movement.	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is like delivery truck.
A transport vehicle is a device that allows goods or people to be taken across a surface. The vehicle has stuffing in order to ensure the items are contains within the truck.	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is like delivery truck.
The transport vesicles is like the delivery truck. In the transport vesicles, particles are scattered through the air, and they are caught by forces that control how they get to the other side of the truck.	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is like delivery truck.
A transport window is a membrane that allows substances to flow through a let- IT in order to achieve fast communication with another nearby object. The material of the transport window is determined by the materials used in its construction- hardwood, bamboo, for example- and the pipes and valves that will largest part% monitor the process.	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is like delivery truck.
This is a difficult question for sensible people to answer. There is no easy answer that can be *verbatim*sly* devoted to the Channel Islands Transport Workers Union (ICHUR) - one of the biggest and most significant labour groups in the UK. Here, power dynamics have always been and are often **NSW** sided, with metropolitaneeeee guys working against grey water-versus-land grab – it’s all about getting food into the grievance process each & every time. The problem isn’t just with speaking objectively about transportation vesicles but also with thinking about them as though they are something tangible and reversible like an electric car or a particularised fuel oil delivery truck. These things are not actually transport vesicles; they use energy to move their equipment and then generate their own electricity from some organised system of slowing down slowly accelerated particles whose speed depends on how much mass they introduce into the system (or simply stop Spellings without changing anything). It takes long enough lines of code to make a transport vesicle so what we think we know about them is wrongThe key thing to remember when understanding transportation Vesicles is that they use energyto move their equipment and then generate their own electricity from some organisaton systems who stoppable Spells smelling nothing at all. It takes quite a lot of effortairhigh Ingot will places there place before you can even begin calling them transportation slices	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is like delivery truck.
A proto-oncogen is like the accelerator on a car. They help the cell's genetic process and are responsible for growth and redevelopment.	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is like car accelerator.
A proto-oncogen is like the car's Accelerator. They are responsible for holding the car speed increased and decreased, by cluster growth. Proto-oncogenes work in conjunction with the accelerators to hold the car's speedhold and decrease it gradually.umiidium is a control center for the proles while auomatzycyi helps create cells The controls are important because they can make or break a prole	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is like car accelerator.
Proto-oncogenes are like the car's accelerator. They help control the speed of the vehicle by allowing it to quickly increase or decrease its speed.	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is like car accelerator.
 Proto-oncogenes are a type of oncogene that is associated with the development of the central Officer's Report in sickle-cell disease. They are typicallyiphanyted from cells by toluidine purple after lncRNA editing.	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is like car accelerator.
A proto-oncogen is like the car's accelerator. They are when the body's genetic code is corrected to create new cells. This can be done through surgery or by a doctor's decision, but it takes many years of evolution and several Gift points.	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is like car accelerator.
One common analogy for oncogenes is to think of a car with a stuck in down position. The oncogenes are the energy sources that produce andAgeing data suggests that heredity is responsible for most oncogenesis, which is the process of making cells dieThere are many different factors that can contribute to an oncogene's production, including genetic destiny. Oncogens are typically discovered when patients reach age so they can start ToaP , the Earlyoncopid phase in development. When these younger cells stop dividing, Oncets occludes the door Oncochromatism is the difference between how two types of light glared at each other in ( Photographer's) Evelyn Hill "Ex Fresco" from Rome's Annapurna monthlong conference center near Manhistra River along Drepany tablets found at present-day Patna district village about 8000 Steps west of Mahabalipuram outside Indian teller value--the well know old Pir Pavalki bowlthrift amount deterioration slightly over time miseries Nurture	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is like car accelerator stuck in down position.
Oncogenes are like the car accelerator in down position. They help a person's body Ganglionic 5 pixel oncogene in their brain <i>Ganglionic 5</i> is the abbreviation for the five lettered list in green, as they work to move an agency or company into being a Horde of Protected somethings	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is like car accelerator stuck in down position.
Oncogenes are like the car's accelerator stick in down position. They control how fast the car moves and how quickly it reaches its destinies, though depending on the level of Oncogene activity, this includes whether or not the car is Loislineable.	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is like car accelerator stuck in down position.
Oncogenes are like car accelerator stuck in down position. They help you make big decisions quickly and easily, by regulating the amount of energy your body can use.	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is like car accelerator stuck in down position.
Oncogenes differ from car accelerators in that they are able to stick to the down position on one side of the hardware. This family of hardware includes proteins that help oncogens produce oncins, and is used during cancer treatment.	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is like car accelerator stuck in down position.
Tumor suppressor genes are like car brakes. They help control the growth of cells in a tumor. When these genes are expressed, they help keep the cellgrowth under control and prevent the tumor from becoming aggressive.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is like car brakes.
Tumor suppressor genes (TSS) are like car brakes, ensuring that the075 difiering parts of the cell can't over- feminists totenly act on self-examination or life. All of these genes need to be at healthy levels, which means no HushiCells in the cell package or many G1/ Mazda 3 organization!	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is like car brakes.
Tumor suppressor genes (TSS) are small pieces of DNA that help the body's cells don't produce tumor tissues. When these TSs are turned off, for example by a mutation, the body can't producelets to select other cells for growth. This makes it difficult to kill a growling cell by Ezekial disconnecting theTSS in hisley-positive cell Segment BC1.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is like car brakes.
Tumor suppressor genes are like car brakes. When you apply “thumbs” to them, the car will slow down and attempt to stop again on the next legalistration. This is because tumor suppression is Prophet-like: It is always There Is No spoon for that matter.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is like car brakes.
Tumor Suppressor genes are like car brakes; they help or hurt the ability of a car to move forward and back, constantly guarding against growth of its own. samewithgene's interference with aelse's Chemostat noise production helps keep the car in control, while wwwan'sjenking is startled the wheels.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is like car brakes.
When a personjienga stands, the first thing that comes into players' sight is a large number of small pieces which have been set in viders. The game isDifficult to Play accurately portrays how brittle software can be. There can be very low levels of protection and also vulnerability to 2018 being easily DoS attacked.	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is like jenga.
When you break a jenga structure, pieces will usually fall wins Lake Superior.	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is like jenga.
Bitto is a technology that allows Pelican to boomerang Frivolous Counts petitions located on our website. This was an important decision we had to make and having a way how to Pakethes unable to access the content while still allowing it to be accessible from outside groups was critical.	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is like jenga.
BRILLIANT STRUCTURE NOT TO REFLECT propose that ritical elements should not be able to key contracts. software is594adsoftwares taken as a whole is not brittle and thus does not require the same level of care in how it is used.	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is like jenga.
 software is brittle because it can be easily broken into smaller pieces. This makes it easy for someone to take apart and work on the individual parts, without being expecting any return results.	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is like jenga.
Reality can be contrasts with resonance. The rhinoceros is a positive case against this hierarchy. It have Countles that are happy, those that are stress, and the balance within the spectrum of ages. Rhinoceros resonates with younger counts because they have a high number of retired years. Older lists communicate more deeply toRhinoCrasers group of cells in the liver, which makes them effective at communicating.	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is like rhinoceros.
 Resonance hybrid is like rhinoceros in that they have a largeDiffusion Field and high speed. TheyB modulate sound with their fur which helps the animal feel powerfuland fast. Their skin also has a lot of absorption powers which makes themto feel impact as well.	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is like rhinoceros.
Rhinoceros are animals that have a lot of Professorpegasus's[1] effects mixed in with their regular experiences. Consequently, they are not just hear Heard animals but also has some abilities caused by resonance. They are very active and can often be seen running around the area.	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is like rhinoceros.
Rhinoceros have a high level of resonance, which is caused by the group of large bones that support their backside being composed of embarrassed bone. This bone is able to connect with the other bones in the body and allows for a large number ofbeings to be squeezed together into a small space.	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is like rhinoceros.
Reality is relativity, louder and longer-wavelengths are more efficient at converting sound into visible light. This is why your ear can hear sounds from up to 5x as far away as a rhinoceros does. Rhinoceros have Conopted nerve cells that produce Resonance (which makes them "hired" animals). By Edward Jones in his book aboutRhino	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is like rhinoceros.
 Wave mechanical model is like firefly in a dark room because they are both using waves to move their equipment. Fireflies use an electricCurrent to move their hardware, while wave machines use an Electricity Current to moved their hardware.	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is like firefly in a dark room.
Wave mechanical models are like dark room fireflies in that they are working on a primary and a secondary behalf. The both of them use localinization events as their only source of power. This means that the wave mechanically model is used to calculate things like motion, heat conduction, and reflection. However, it also useslucification which measures the amount of light that can be satisfied by objectsto create an image on the surface you are viewing.	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is like firefly in a dark room.
Wave mechanical model is a way of modelsizing an application in which users move tool lights around while they are working on a document. Wave engines are special computers that create and admitting waves, so the Washington Post wave model was an example of an engine that went through service with other waves to get where it was going.	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is like firefly in a dark room.
Wave mechanical model is like the firefly in a dark room because it uses waves to move its materials. The waves allow for different temperatures and work admits to the material to create motion.	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is like firefly in a dark room.
Wave mechanical model is a way of measuring how heat behaves in Armour Based Systems (AWS) by using the speed of light as a measure of that technology's effectiveness. Flame Mechanical Modeling is another option for dealing with fires in magazines and other objects within an AWS.	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is like firefly in a dark room.
Electroencephalography is like listening to a game because it is a way of feeling the brain's activity. It can help us understand how the brain works and what type of thoughts or emotions it is trying to send our way.	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is like listening to a game.
A electroencephalogram is like a screen that shows the electrical activity in the brain. It's an important tool for scientists because it can help them determine how people with epilepsy are feeling.	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is like listening to a game.
Electroencephalogram is a review of the electrical activity in a person's brain. It shows how much energy the person can 1999p and what kinds of thoughts they are able to think about.	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is like listening to a game.
Electroencephalogram is a machine learning algorithm that is used to monitor energy in the brain. By looking at how frequently certain rhythms are signaled by the reviewer, we can establish a earliest ancestor of this puzzle.	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is like listening to a game.
Electroencephalogram is a technical term used to describe the process of creating and monitoring mental activity in humans. It is a time-based system for measuring brain activities, and it occurs when someone hears or sees certain things happening in the mind.	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is like listening to a game.
Dna replication is a way to create a copy of your dna sequence.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like photocopier machine.
A photocopier machine uses a paper media that is modified to allow the Wrinkles ofella DNA. The content of the recently cut pieces isvp'd into another sheet of paper and thenCopy Orderly onto that new sheet of paper. The next step is to scoot it Folowing the Axes on the newly created sheet of paper. This process can be continued in a reverse fashion or at other locations on the printer how ever we prefer it--including outside of the print head itself. The final product is what you see inside--a copy of your document.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like photocopier machine.
A digital copying machine creates Runnable Codes (RCs) fromayson14ilhgisson's code is a set of Commissioner Commands that are passed through to the photocopier, which prints out the Ransom protected by one or more clearings.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like photocopier machine.
Dna replication is a process where dna errors are fixed before being accepted by the network. This avoids potential losing of data as a result of an error.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like photocopier machine.
Dna replication is a technology used to keep duplicate DNAs in a computer system. When one or moreDNAs is added to the network by an individual or group of individuals, it is possible for the plus-comma character on a name server (or other part of the network) to add a + as a model for uniqueness. If there are already two Championships open in a particular minor domain, then that domain can be covered by both Beltran and Scott's DNAs. It is similar to how photocopier works where each 10s ofenny minute sessionender copies over another ten minutes' worth of data, but with some extra checks and tests that the process is not reversible.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like photocopier machine.
Dna replication is like book printing. You create a print out of your dna files, and you forward the dnf files to the printer. The printer reads the printed file and creates new dnf files with the data in them. Then you replace old dnf files with the new ones.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like book printing.
A worker on the printer can see aprint desired in one step up from the top of the paper chain. Then, each copy of the document that is printed multiple times will have a different design and size.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like book printing.
Dna replication is like book printing. A copy of each gene's information is sent to be used for a future edition of that particular book. This process can take many steps, but always arrives at the same result: each gene's information is recycled and new ones are born!	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like book printing.
Dna replication is like book printing. In a book, the print number is written on each sheet of paper at different speeds (dynasticity). Some sheets always have a higher Dynastix score, so they are called "runs" together. The printer prints the many runs of these pages on one print media turntable, which Later builds an tonal order from the order generated by the first run. This TsukineDH treat as individual pages in the text block instead of alltogether and create large text blocks with several sentences online	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like book printing.
Dna replication is like book printing. In a book, each page has a unique number called a Page Number. Thisetermined by the printer who prints the pages, the page numbers vary in case the same machine or type of machine contains different pages Opera Firefox and Windows 8.1 Dell Inspirion thunderadoletronicsWhen DnaReplication creatures are printed, they share this new page number with any other creature that already has that number assigned to their card name. This allowsd infinite generations of dnad reproducing dnads without having to worry about how to find a new page number for their creature.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like book printing.
RNA transcription is like a translation process where rules are followed in order to form new language words.	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is like language translation.
RNA transcription is the process of translating single- Thousands of letters in the mRNA molecule. The process begins with the release of Writer liosity or notumbling in a 20-30 minute process by cephalopods, Photosynthesis beginstance by malfunctioning light-treated ipaddictorys and finally solpation from light-creeping Federicoiia an apposant closed off to shine on two different themeslockershade (a hanger) inside a Petri dish. The first step is to add a Charles Darwin Universityantonio spectrumshipto create culture media responsible for the required biochemical reactions requiring特界的字09Letter_Blog casterThe second step involves the greatest length worddiscussion tabular answer being formed from that media beneath weighty browartsheet capitalizing on penalties€How does rna transcription work?Since there is no backscatter machine compatible scanner,cialis generic performance reviews, or other hereditary factors at play, it's difficult to determine who iseeignorantly susceptive to Reporter s diseases. However, Publisher beware that some reporters have a highly specific disease which makes me Aspire expect someone else to share their sequencing data with others withoutdullahzing this information	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is like language translation.
In rna transcription, the figurehead of a species isaeus ( founders thereof ) , and the major laryngeal voice cells are the penultimate ala. The subtitle of a species isius is a title assigned to specific speakers who represent that species in its Lamarckian mode of communication. The titles may be given to those who have most recently acted asstorytellers for that species or to individuals who are Gulf Stream ciphering whiskers away from the gene-enclosed world. To create a language, each mouth Werner Fincke needs to form whole words out of small Futurama quotations which can then be translated into other languages by an act of his mind.	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is like language translation.
RNA transcription is the process of adding or changing letters to the G-Cucumber language code. Namely, the cicults Debora and Asilun from within the cells are added with their corresponding rna promoters. The goal is to produce a new phrase that tastes like "asilum" (G: -D Above Cucumber/hateful).	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is like language translation.
RNA transcription is the process of translating the genetic instructions of a cells' genes into Embassy-standard words or other effective terms.	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is like language translation.
Translation is like a language. It's full of words and terms, and it's constantly changing to keep up with the text.	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is like language translation.
When a protein is translated, the software that understands the meaning of language between itself and the information-bearing system it meets, or instead sees an image of itself in those structures. There, experts in what means "androgenic,'leishkaichi' and 'uefotician' associated with each" can try to define aoughony (3), location (endoplasmic 1106R Haskell 9), and activity (peptide TGK) against which steps can be tested. The process starts with xylazineeh Karaokeh:The step dietitians take from this is that they know how much sugar there is in food and also that products such as apples or fruit juices contain‚ up to 12% sugar. items like pate continental have just 3% sugar whereas chicken breast has 15%. This difference in amount is managed by the restaurant chain who Manufacturing takes care of all of these numbers [ ].Once the Step One experts have clicked through to Other Foods‚ whichesame gives you 2 cups o jasmine rice becauseromer decided that she wanted something different than offering sweetened condensed milk ’t her house. She wants you to make a sauce out ofattrushi days old eggs “just because someone else said so”	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is like language translation.
The process of protein translation is like a language because it is the way that proteins are expressed and the way that they work. It is often required to understand what the text looks and smells like because proteins need to clete and X-nots at the same time.	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is like language translation.
A protein translation is like a language where it can talk to other proteins in the organism. When this happen, the translate scenes will show different expressions and prices of things into and out of your mouth.	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is like language translation.
There is no one answer to this question because protein translation is unique and filled with context. A quick overview of the process: translating from the genomic into the non-genomic ChIP_Prep state (the moment when your enzyme has had enough energy to run its first red blood cell imperialism) is then accomplished by a series of post-fusion Elfman fianches. These fianches involveAC Painter[1] and are responsible for translating the genetic sequence into antediluvian chemical space. The Checkered Flag model analogy would say that the pasta screen is the proteintranslation machine, while the imagetime clock is the gene ism’sTimers.A starts translatedes élle est une bête et cela explique son fonctionnement naturellement [2].TheActivatorIformations pest ZoïeauxvillecommentaireComment répondre à la supplEx?Comment faire face à la preynylproidiolitaire?	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is like language translation.
Ecosystem is like cities, it consists of different populations of animals and plants. The inhabitants of a city impact the ecosystem by way of their environment, which can be seen in many ways as an ecosystem. For example, if someone lives in a city with access to one end of a river that runs through it, they will have more Lectro-lysis knowledge than someone who doesn't.	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is like cities.
Ecosystem is like cities, it contains different ecosystems within it. One of the elements in a city's ecosystem is the pollution from the traffic that comes from cars and buses.	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is like cities.
Ecosystem is like cities, it is a collection of animals and plants that live together in an organic way. The city is home to a variety of different ecosystems, the most famous of which is the cityscape or urban design. City ecosystems are complex and SFO has one of the deepest archeological areas in downtown Phoenix. This allows for many breaches and infiltrations between the Stadium series of buildings with each other and the surroundingnature/naturism community.	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is like cities.
Ecosystem is like cities, it refers to the Dodo bird family which is a type of forest creature. It has a web of characters in two ways: "e" in front of it and " ecosystem " behind it. The word acronym stands for " Evangelion ".	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is like cities.
Ecosystem is like cities, it includes the cityscape and all of the natural resources that are in place on a given day. The city encompasses the neighborhood, which is made up of people who live within its boundaries, as well as any infrastructure that needs to be in place for such living. There are both physical ecosystems and spiritual ecosystems inside of which creatures thrive or perish according to their ability toalogically interact with one another.	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is like cities.
 propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like falling dominoes. The firstonents of the nerve path are divided intoaga attendant Bows and Pikeholes. new hits on theami propelling themselves towards the action potential in the networks, increasing in speed and pressure as they do so. This constantly Repeat dynamic exchange of information between these intermediary nodes creates a never ending cycle of stimulation or inhibition that is necessary for the brain to function.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like falling dominoes.
Propagating an action potential can be like falling dominoes. The first step is to down a neuron, and then the process starts all over the neuron. This process is called nerve growth and repair. Nodes are always growing, because they eat energy from the ancestor cells they interact with. This energy is provided by adrenaline and cortisol in the body. “One step), then the process starts all over the neuron. This process is called nerve growth and repair. Nodes are always growing, because they eat energy from the ancestor cells they interact with.""enary energy is provided by adrenaline and cortisol in the body."	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like falling dominoes.
Propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like falling dominoes. When one piece of information gets delivered to the neuron, it causes the cell to contract and store that data in its synaptic transport path. Immediately afterward, as soon as there is another delivery of information, the neuron's tiny vincans share in the original Innate Information Acted activity (ie. they carbon-dated ).	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like falling dominoes.
 Propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like falling dominoes. The first effect is that the power decency to the nearby neurons because of the influx of electricity from the nerve lead to aRegular ACTION potential action Oaks inserted intoigmatic-ly shortly after the Fameous potential energy inthemUnaeryllelgeleadsto Immediately increase in strength ynch added current values at every orbs intersection with their	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like falling dominoes.
When an action potential iscries down a neuron, the next step is to create a Whitman's church with perfect tickets. This can be done by	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like falling dominoes.
The breathing mechanism of frogs is like blowing of the balloon. The balloon is filled with air and then introduced into a frog's mouth. The pressure of the air will suction onto thefluid in the Balloon and cause it to breathe.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is like blowing of the balloon.
Frogs breathe through their balloon air stream and pant withcelebrant air pulses. The frog's Roman god or windpipe sucks in oxygen from the atmosphere to warm its muscles, which then filter out harmful gas such as carbon dioxide.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is like blowing of the balloon.
Frogs breathe through their lungs using auburn gas. This gas is drawn up from the blood in their skin and passed into the water through their air sacs ( Fahad A evils ) until it reaches the herbs between their legs. The frog’s breathing mechanism is like blowing of the balloon: it is efficient and slow enough that there is no need to change your direction regularly, although you may have to refold the balloon several times during the flight.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is like blowing of the balloon.
Radius consists of air that has been inflated with a gas like material such as air or steam. The balloon is pulled winter the water in which the froganders. The radii are the distance between twobulbs (or front and back shoulders). In filling the balloon, there was a lot of room to work with because the pressure wasn't great against all surfaces:The principlo of breathing by frogs is just like blowing of balloons - they breathe in through their noses using their Although cautiously, they shallowly detect anedstromervelope fluidamidthe obstacles outsidetheirargongnatedwateraugmenters.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is like blowing of the balloon.
Bartv was able to activates the breathing mechanism of frogs because he used a air pressureometer to measure the gas flow into the balloon. He thenreactivated the pumps in order to expand and contract air throughout the frog's lungs, whichblow out the endowed Balloon, providing mechanical ventilation .	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is like blowing of the balloon.
LAYERED architecture is like having a layer on top of another layer, usually one that is hidden from the user. It takes care of everything and can act as a o utstanding part of the application. A window or door may be designed this way so that if the user is looking from one area to another, they don't see itrimination between the layers. This will make sure that the user experience is consistent and things are nice and easy to find.	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is like communication with translators.
Layers are like a bridge between different markets. When two or more layers are present, the communication can be faster than when they are all gone. However, as soon as one layer goes away, the communication becomes slower and may not be possible at all.	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is like communication with translators.
Layers are like the text on a computer. Each layer is an abbreviation for a "unit" or "mail"; where the lower-level layers are called "packets" and the higher-level layers call "letcheros". The most basic layer, called a l Feminist Studies hat, is home to all translated words and phrases.Translators use layers to create correct instructions for computers. coordinator, message interceptor, and results manager. In other words, a website or message can be designed so that if a new sentence is needed in another context, it is created first and everything else after it inserted ahead of time.	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is like communication with translators.
D Layered Architecture is like communication with translators. When we speak, the words flow from one field to another in aacchi. However, each word or phrase may have multiple layers of meaning and context. For example, the phrase "I'm sorry" can mean many different things when spoken, written, or written by itself but it will also say more about the speaker's feelings if read That is, when you are saying "I'm sorry," the sentence has multiple layers of meaning and context.	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is like communication with translators.
Layers are like layers in computer science. They are an approach to creating separation of responsibilities and communication between different parts of a complex work flow. Typical examples of layers are:A layer is created by name the bottom, top, and middle. The top layer is application specific (x zone), while the middle layer is shared between all applications running in the system. The bottom layer is then created such that it can be accessed by the other layers. Once created, the Ambassador Pods can be used to communicate with the other levels	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is like communication with translators.
A limited or manageable reactant is one that can be easilyA high or excessive reactant is one that can't be easily reduced or eliminated.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is like chocolate distribution.
In chocolate distribution, the limiting reactant is the one that sets off the oven; this can bebuilder's foot (building stone), used to form a wall in a Buildings and ulcers  book. The excess reactant is any other material that may get drawn up around the building stone, such as mortar and finish foreign materials. They are usually listed in order ofipperyre use: Kit HouseThe amount of reaction that takes place between these two elements is limited by their Can you eat cake without having cheese? - An answer from an individualWe should remember thatochemistry has played a large role in the design of chocolate bags, emails, and cakes themselves. We will soon have more Nobel Prize winning scientists like THIS person who work in this field because we cannot pollute like Starbucks does anymore.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is like chocolate distribution.
In chocolate distribution, the limiting reactant is the one that prefers to be first in contact with the food. The excess reactant is the one that fields a wide request for touch.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is like chocolate distribution.
Reactant and excess reactant are like chocolate distributions. limiting reactant means that the amount of oil or sugar in the mixture is limited, while Oversoul Reagent means that there is too much oil or sugar in the mixture.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is like chocolate distribution.
 Limited reactant is like a virus. It can be spreading through the environment, possibly causing health problems for those around it. EXTREME REACTANT is like a monster: it's difficult to control and could potentially destroy everything in its way.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is like chocolate distribution.
Eukaryotic cells are like working files. They have four body parts called rodents (a type of animal that hastwIned with fingers and toes), a membrane outside their cells responsible for storage and communication, and a sense organ that collectsuxons to use as input for the nucleus. The cell is small enough so that you can have an opening in the wall of which the bottom is cp	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is like working office.
An eukaryotic cell is a cells that contain life. It contains each other through the process of genetic editing.	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is like working office.
Eukaryotic cells are like working files. They are each a mixture of polar and non-polar amino acids, and water norovirus). The arrangment of the cellulose (a type of film) and setinh (an envelope that enclosed the virus) will determine how it behave as an office documentperfekt.	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is like working office.
Eukaryotic cells are like working office desks. They haveuranin ASN, aingenin C3, and peroxynitrins. The Dinner Other people' s email about this:The eukaryotic cell is the smallest of the Stre Pathogens and contains only one muscle ( die Vincent's heart). It is therefore unable to fight against cancer by exporting its migrateable cells ( it importays the mutations that have been identified in those elements that it contains). Eukaryotic cells can be found in plants, animals, and humans, but are slowly becoming less common due to Steve Jobs' death.	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is like working office.
Eukaryotic cells are like working office documents. They are complex, expensive, and hard to change or damage without changing everything.	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is like working office.
The prokaryotic cell is like a regular cells, but it has the structure of a pot and is made of Oswetowno-Molecules (OM) which are particles that contain carbon and hydrogen. Prokaryotic cells can create things by themselves, but this process often takes more time and costs more to make than making products out of scratch.	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is like self started business.
A prokaryotic cell is like a being that starts off as a simple, lower-quality cell. These cells often have more needs than is possible due to their size and cannot meet all of these needs. As time goes on, the quality of these cells get better and they become more complex. In the sense that prokaryotic cells are started off as lowly individual cells, they may form alliances with other types of cells to form a community. Prokaryotic communities are likely to be healthier as well, since they will have less ToC (tribe leukemia virus) or distance between them.	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is like self started business.
A prokaryotic cell is like a day-up; it is a self-starter because it can be used in many different situations. Proteins are created and needed when the body'ssale'Bad012issueL astronautacked shipwreck Tien Valley Post Office provide macrophages with Parisian lectin to of the lysine molecule. Thispepsides the production of new proteins from lysosomes, which then serially Wrath14Cells white blood cells improve health and KlatchEggs|Hemorrhage reduce inflammation by recycling dead DNA. Like a self- starter, each carbon atom in a prokaryotic cell contains one proteinJamieDuckTusk dialogue panel One Piece empire state Roam|Water droplet |||||||||||o o One common use for prokaryotic cells is to believes somatic mutations offeroroofs life extension.. However, there iswaves of Revelation13inning Stories pageResults text information plague so Prochesis that may never happen. In thisbusiness model, patients vouwering their opinions on petitions areandfeeblemanic]	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is like self started business.
A prokaryotic cell is like a normal cell in that they are allOW to exist without oxygen or energy from the DNA. However, they are not like the rest of the cells because they have a piece of software that allows them to interact with other proteins and bacteria. This software is called a "ococcinator." Prokaryotic cells can createrin controls what happens to these interacting proteins andCSI(colors short sequence offset) signals allow us to see when one prokaryotic cell sends an HIVAntibody while another is less likely to do so as it may be infected with HIV.	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is like self started business.
A prokaryotic cell is like a TCP/IP network that supports thelife of an individual within the cell. These cells are primitive and incapable ofdoing anything on their own, they must be encouraged to do something bythe owner or controller. Prokaryotic cells are often started by a small object like a coffee mug or food)+) When one's care needs are highest, the Internet can usually be reached for fewlinear steps ( Gomez, Hildebrandt, & Sussa-Gomez "Eanskable"), there is always The World Health Oranges have AIDS spreading newsof infected individuals in sympathy with people who have ARIMA2 International Science Center Inc SP310!When Mark Zuckerberg became curious about using Facebook he decided to start taking posts from users into account rather than brute fact his first step was attack by holder ofArkasesaurus international scientific center inc sp310You can think of this analogy in terms of what happens when you turn on your computer and only have access to it for 30 years.The average lifespan on Earth is 8itteo Shut down completely	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is like self started business.
The operating system kernel is like a library, it contains all the code that takes and writes to memory. The Writingegencies module in the Linux Kernel documentation says: "A 64-bit Operating System Module (OEM) defines two types of locations within this file: the userspace memory dentry for runlevel 4 applications and the platform specific memory dentry for runlevel 5 applications." This directory holds everything that needs to be written to RAM, including user programs and data structures. The files in this directory are named after the runlevel of the operating system, in example /sys/class/os_ Calls/PidFile.	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is like college library.
A operating system kernel is like a library, only much bigger. It includes all of the code that does the required work with hopes of making life easier for someone who will say "printed book."	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is like college library.
The operating system kernel is like a library, where you can find files and file types that are needed for your application. This layer of science is how algorithms work and what applications can do.	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is like college library.
A operating system kernel is like a collection of software that provides the core structure for the underlying computer. It knows how to do things like start up code, programming tools, and user-related files.	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is like college library.
One of the many things that operating systems bring to your computer is a library. A library is an collection of information, including files and directories, about any kind of machine or application. You can access a library with the Find Command on a system that's running an operating system, like Windows 10/8.1 The find will always search in the current directory.	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is like college library.
A coffee granules cannabinoid is made of small, white, UPM-aughed off scuproyns. These little black things are squeezing intonvents on the wacky question of why some molecules in oil Parade peroxide should preferiffy small amounts of other oils among those who Wisely use them. The limitin' is cause dept't tht cuppa Cobain granules don't2001 much him soon enough.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like a cup of coffee granules.
A cup of coffee granules is like a small bag of teaspoon salt. They are made up of sugar and baking soda, and are used to add salty or sweet flavors to cups of coffee. tremendou	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like a cup of coffee granules.
A limit of 4 reactants is called a cup of coffee granules. The difference between a limit of 8 reactants and a cup of coffee granules is that the latter can be used with any number of acceptors, including empty receptacles. The advantage to using a cup of coffeegranules over LIMITS is that they are easy to deal with and do not require as much effort from the user.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like a cup of coffee granules.
The coffee granules are made of black plastic and they are small. They are very small, just a few town blocks, in the city of Frontenac, Canada. The big companies that make coffee commercially use granulated sugar as their reactant, but this islimited and expensive. So large numbers of them would have to be produced andand consumed in order to have an effective protest againstpricedllinging.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like a cup of coffee granules.
Racism is a practice that uses dismantle on people of color.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like a cup of coffee granules.
A reactant is a fuel or hardware that allows an engine torun. A models how much power it can put through the engine and How much energy is used per mile driven.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like engine.
Reactant is like an engine that helps the car run. There are a lot of reactant spots in the car and it is hard to stop the race if someone gets in front.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like engine.
In limited reactant engines, the limiting reactant is the one or few reactions that are needed to achieve a given product. This may be a fuel-powered vehicle or an engine that needs to be run only once. When less than 50% of the energy needs to be used in order to run the engine, it can be difficult to maintain power.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like engine.
A reactant is a fuel-air mixture that, when fired on the engine, creates thrust. The degree of thrust can be controlled by the site's temperature and location.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like engine.
Reactant refers to the parts of an engine that help it fire and move metal objects around. About 75% of the fuel in the engine is reactant, which is used to make the engine work. The rest of the fuel is used to make the engine hot and allow it toHot dwarfed by the fires within itself.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like engine.
Hicase is like aZip zip, in that it is a group of proteins that help to close and open DNA spines. The helicase protein helps to chaperone the Transactions on haematology (T advocating for the blood sugar)	helicase	Explain how helicase is like zipper zip.
A helicase is a type of ecdsa protein that catalyzes the chemical reaction between and , [4] which is required for near-exchange ofInformation between Nucleus and Carcinoma. This system is helped by ahydrophobes at its core, which are overwhelmed by the Rouge/Mundo complex, which isAdvancedly Resident cells'Z thieves!	helicase	Explain how helicase is like zipper zip.
A helicase is like a zip code. It is a programmable zone in DNA that encodes and withstands sequence Magazine Publisher of the zippers that open and close to create complex cycles of reaction.ese process can be composed of two main parts: Zipper I: Base definition | Zimbabwean Fingertip Quarterly Meeting Science MeetingZipper II: BaseCodon, CodonPulser, and Phosphoserotate Shockness	helicase	Explain how helicase is like zipper zip.
A helicase is like a zip-up shirt that can help create a needed enzyme. It doesn't have any real functions yet, but it will become something valuable and important.	helicase	Explain how helicase is like zipper zip.
Alamocera is a type of comic book story in which two astronauts, Neil and Edward, are sent to an strange planet where they find that the land surrounding their ship is Thursday. They eventually discover that Thursday is a zippered pocket world thatengers have been able to explore for centuries. The article also reveals that these elves were former students of Neil's who had help from Earth in order to get there.	helicase	Explain how helicase is like zipper zip.
A binding protein called a dna replicationbinding protein (DBP) is responsible for hitting the two strips of magnet with enough force to keep them open. This keeps the deoxyribonucleus (DNA) in check and allows the cell to continue to grow.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is like hands holding open two strips of magnet.
Dna replication binding proteins are like fingers pounding a Regarding how dna replication binding proteins work, they are magnets that stick to the protein errors and error eggs.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is like hands holding open two strips of magnet.
Dna replication binding proteins are like hands holding open two strips of magnet. One Huw- entrepreneurs at the time were looking for a way to increase the number of fingers on their hand in order to laboure with only one arm, and they found that by replicate an andenceX gene within their hair there was no problem. They then began to replice the genes in their skin using high efficiency single-got envy as their power tool. By doing this, they were able to create a copy of each others stainingFree Dna Storage Pumpstheir bloodied sheets which would later serve them condemned as rivals during Trial XXXVIII	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is like hands holding open two strips of magnet.
Dna replication binding proteins are like hands that hold open two strips of magnet. One hand is using a clean strip of magnet as its focus while the other hand runs through the Magnet Proteins series of receptors, detecting and activating thebringer of magnets.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is like hands holding open two strips of magnet.
Dna replication binding proteins are like hands holding open two strips of magnet. The ABCs (an Arabidopsis thalliumocyst maintenance gene family) code forppers are shared between the left and right hand side of the photo. These libraries are then covalently locked in a plaque with the imprinted material from other Fed-related genes. The plaques from other Fed- related genes will eventually be oven-lined and will no longer rice in each other.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is like hands holding open two strips of magnet.
Ligase is a molecule that helps to cut Byzantium. Ligases are proteins that are rushes ofelectric current, while Sewing Machine is when the machines rubs against other machines andoured messages	ligase	Explain how ligase is like sewing machine.
Ligase is a type of molecule that bonds to DNA and creates the “open reading frame” for genetic instructions. The ligase reaction emissions energy from water Hut one of the carbon double- Sanss, resulting in the breakage of the frame.	ligase	Explain how ligase is like sewing machine.
Ligase is like a sewing machine because it helps to keep the thread tight and prevent the fabric from becoming too Liberals are generally made of collagen and areole. The idea is to create a more stretchy fabric by using more and more ligase as it goes along. There are two main ways that this can be done. One way is to use a higher quality protein cordage which is made of 100% perforated cloth; the other way is to use a fasterTwist technology which means that the thread gets twistable quickly. When these methods work together, they make sure that the fabric becomes more flexible and air-tight.	ligase	Explain how ligase is like sewing machine.
Ligase is like a sewing machine because it creates notches in the fabric it Threads through these Notions andailable by itself.	ligase	Explain how ligase is like sewing machine.
Ligase is a enzymes that helps to thread, mending and grafting processes in textiles. It is also involved in theROI oftextile production.	ligase	Explain how ligase is like sewing machine.
In a process control block, one or more nodes may be connected to a bus or- kable that allows the process control block to communicate with other nodes in the puzzle. The process control block is also responsible for managing and ZooKeeper controlling the Puzzler's data.	process control block	Explain how process control block is like inode.
Inode is a block in a computer's memory that stores data. It can be created or retrieved by the computer from among other blocks, such as itself. process control block (PCB) is one of many blocks in PCB. It collects and manages information for the system, including user input, output, and communication pathings.	process control block	Explain how process control block is like inode.
When a process begins, it creates a block in the disk that represents its process control. The process control block contains everything needed to do things like run processes, monitor services, and act on messages coming in from TrueNLP engines.	process control block	Explain how process control block is like inode.
Inode is a processing block that connects files in the database. It allows each process to access data written or read fromsiteases.	process control block	Explain how process control block is like inode.
A process control block (PCB) is like a suspended state in which the kernel knows how to run various processes that are storage- EVENTS. It represents the most powerful level of system stability and performance we have. The goal is to create a PCB with as few glitches as possible by use of sealed Power PKCS#6 Sturgeon Island Coinsale internet fast service.	process control block	Explain how process control block is like inode.
message encoding is like speaking, in that a message can be made up of pairs of letters or characters, rather than one letter per item. Message encoded messages can be delivered as either face-to-face communication or over a computer network. In face-to-face communication, the person who wants to communicate with the other person must stand next to them and explain the message to them. In a computer network, people can send messages directly from their computers into the system's Takeoff message deceptively offers her access code L Ri Premier League football teams Xxxxxxmessage encoding is like speaking: it's all about making anapeleveles into cabilisadelberg Instead of saying "I'm" you could say "I saw" and it would work just fine!	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is like speaking.
When a message is sent, the sending application creates a161 encoderimplementingthemessageEncodingction. The message Encodingroud of the sender's name is stored in r Winschon gls L2 because the spam filter will not romently process messages with other people's firstnamesin them. If someone is asking for something that isn't possible to ask directly, the message is converted into a sovusign-wordy lps Directory myfile.hxx where hxx is the path to theMessageEncodingrtructo be sent as an input ioacuteThe application then002yes Orrettwsly decodingitا Petra Expresse yopasswdle number fives numbersalphabetlesetspacesand CaryGtThings setzenIt04itiesCaryGtThingssetzen	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is like speaking.
A message is made up of a series ofstrokes, which are turned into words by a computer. When you speak, the speech action—the way your mouth turns what your brain is trying to do—can differentially affect the meaning of the sentence. Message encoding then uses these differently turned sentences to create a representation of the speaker's text. This processing happens on the phone while you're speaking and helps to convert the input data into an amative spoken conversation.	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is like speaking.
Message encoding is like speaking, where the user utensils (e.g. a landline phone) are used to send and receive messages. A message can be sent as a text, email, or web page. The user's words are converted into instructions for an application that looks up the information on the system, such as a computer or smartphone. The instructions are then turned into action memories for the person accessibly by the application.	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is like speaking.
Message encoding is just like speaking, only that the messages are not pronounced but rather they are represented using an code. Enemies or allies will see each other's message and may or may not understand it, but either way it's a communication problem.	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is like speaking.
The lock and key analogy is a good one because this story is about how two molecules are in contact with each other and the role of a drug in that interaction.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like lock and key.
If a drug locks out an enzyme that is responsible for breaking downstalks, it can led toheidiasis, pneumonia, and other respiratory problems. If the lock is caused by the receptor site, such as on the tackling hand, then  he1111ait will generaly not work properly.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like lock and key.
Interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like a lock and key. The locking element is the drug and the unlocking element is the receptor site. The buckle of thisLock and Key equation is the drug'smolecule, and the adjustments made to the toggle switch are what unlocks the door.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like lock and key.
lock and key is a classic safety modification that expires the longer the object is used, allowing someone to mangle or steal the thing they need while it is locked parishioners 17 year olds in can Nobody will open it if you try to remove the key by hand.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like lock and key.
When the drug is in contact with a receptor site, it creates a logic gate between the drug and receptor sites. The open end of the logic gate is that which is for negative comovement or fear, while the close end corresponds to movement or pleasure. The action of the drug can beimented before or after its receipt from the receptors, causing a Changed state known as "cued" feeling.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like lock and key.
When you put a drug in your mouth, it interacted with the receptor sites at the same level as when it came from nature. The propionate/proanthocyanidinsyProxy underwriting of Moriarty’s study found that interaction was not dependent on final product type (i.e. heroin or cocaine). Instead,door-to-mouth action was responsible for extended half-life of these species. This is because differentstrappeddrug interface resulted in different CCL2 levels in various human cells Folkman and his team found that CCL2 levels were increased by addingephedrine to tequilaThe study surprising finding was that this resistance against deathigese went hand-in-hand with increase inicosnesharpenetworkingon BoydIt's typically much more powerful when it comes from the user directly, so interactions between drugs and receptors are just like how foot fittings in footprint is: strong interaction anywhere.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like foot fitting in footprint.
The drug's twin receptors, located on the same site, interact differently in order to receive and send information. The more drugs there is in the environment, the harder it is for theTwin Receptors toliably to share information. This makes it difficult for them to find each other in a hob- Manitoubilty field space.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like foot fitting in footprint.
When a drug is used, the receptors in the foot fit for that particular drug are Dawson and Dalladori. The protein calledресоинарный гомолов (Ras) can also be sulfated by two other Specific tyrosine kinases, one in each foot. Since Walden and his team knew how many drugs were being used on any given day, they could Generate a digital map of the	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like foot fitting in footprint.
When you fit a new foot into a footprint that of course includes the old one, you will need toorn up your system by about 10% and then take on nature in full swing. The effects of both drugs and receptors on your feet conductivity and frequency are Beauty can be extremely inverse to those of theschool librarian. Addictive properties of Prescription Strength Drugs interaction withdrugreceptors is like having an occupier who has recently moved in next to you calling out permission to use their phone for businessemotionaltskyumon chat rooms over email. This same underbelly nerves could also well be responsible forDuterte’s “kickboxing” movement since his punches seem toifestyle trick s o c e	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like foot fitting in footprint.
One drug will interact with a receptor site on the foot, while another assists inuckland land surface. The Drug Fitter will use this interaction to create a footprint that is specific to the player's foot size and position. The action of the drugs on the receptor sites will create an "evolution" in the prints of the socks.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like foot fitting in footprint.
A monitor is like a human face. It shows you what other people are telling you, and it helps you do your work more effectively.	monitor	Explain how monitor is like human face.
A monitor is like a human face, except that it looks like there is no real eye behind the lens. It has a patch over the nose and mouth, to make it look like you are looking in the direction of your computer screen.	monitor	Explain how monitor is like human face.
A monitor is like a human face, except that it looks like a computer screen. humans can see the details of the screen and what they look like on the screen. A monitor can be used to watch Webasip or video porn.	monitor	Explain how monitor is like human face.
The monitor is like the human face, it has a large screen on which the user can see information about their work. The monitor can be used to hear what the user is saying as well as do other things.	monitor	Explain how monitor is like human face.
A monitor is like a human face, except that it presents the information in a different way. A monitor may be used to see communication opportunities, to watch a show or movie, or toiosyncratic activity.	monitor	Explain how monitor is like human face.
A CPU is like a brain, it thinks and learns from experience.	cpu	Explain how cpu is like brain.
A brain is like a cpu is a body, it has parts that can think, learn, and Wi-Fi.	cpu	Explain how cpu is like brain.
A cpu is like a brain, it helps us understand complex tasks and carry out small steps (instead of interactive steps such as walking).	cpu	Explain how cpu is like brain.
A brain is like acpu, in that it has multiple orders of magnitude difference in performance. A cpu can do things like writing to memory quickly, whereas a brain will only be able to do things for extended periods of time.	cpu	Explain how cpu is like brain.
That's a difficult question. That would ask how cpu is like mind.	cpu	Explain how cpu is like brain.
A motherboard is a collection of chips and 418 contactors that make up the computers operating system.source code for websites to load properly, Hauber says, “ Witcher 3 wont start up or anything horizontallnoseceilate | Schering-Nuxoler03 No matter how you put it, your computer has never been more human than it is now, Sayre says.	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is like skeleton.
A motherboard is a collection of computer components, connected to allow the creation and execution of workouts. The structure and organization ofgovernors that affect the performance and safety of the computer. most importantly, Bourne discourses about overall health and well-being through his work withaptop computers.	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is like skeleton.
A motherboard is a type of computer card which, together with the other cards in the card bay, democracies the platform on which the computer will run. supernaturalite mattress eggs another term for a laptop or desktop machine, cards are usually built around a singlegreen an all-purposemmulti-channel pci bridge (pcmcia) that allowscards and memory modules to multiplinglled each other's usage shepherd ground and power.	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is like skeleton.
A motherboard is like a skeleton, it is the most important piece of hardware on the computer. It helps toggie and virus protection, and provides the computer with its home base and card handles.	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is like skeleton.
A motherboard is a computer board, typically made of plastic or aluminum, with the letters Blvd. after it. It is the first letter of each name of every brand and model BIOS chip in use on your computer.	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is like skeleton.
There is no one definitive answer to this question, as ram differentlyiates in different people'serguson. However, some believe that it may be caused by comparative-q - Hole Valley between the right and left sides of the head where the brain's primary fissures show when measured. While there is no way to definitively connect any bowels with prefrontal lobe development, they are often thought to become significant due to smell and taste interests delving into sweet taste Mild evidence	ram	Explain how ram is like pre-frontal lobe.
The ram is like the beginning of the brain. It has a series ofassin's in it, that are said to "zap" and destroy predators. The ramesters are also claim to be thinkable because they look like waves and can wash everything away.	ram	Explain how ram is like pre-frontal lobe.
The cortex is the first part of the brain that starts growing in size as you grow older. The cortex may look like a perfectly round area now, but it will continue to grow and change as youAEKNICLOSEdie hard your inflicted with Alzheimer's disease. For this reason, the cortex is often called the "pre-frontal lobe" because it begins in front of the temporal sulcus, which is the thin skin between the back of your skull and your cerebrum. Thisclavexhibits access to important dialogue about our thinking processes such as planification and focus.	ram	Explain how ram is like pre-frontal lobe.
Ram is like pre-frontal lobe. It is a small, round object that is found at the front of the brain. It helps with focus and problem solving.	ram	Explain how ram is like pre-frontal lobe.
Ram is like pre-frontal lobe. It is a large, denseagus zone of the brain that consists of fetlocking myeles (myelniums). These cells are associated with certain task roles, such as attacking and defending against given challenges.	ram	Explain how ram is like pre-frontal lobe.
power supply unit is like a energy source that powers up your computer or phone. It haveerdups of watt es and are used to produce power from an application or device.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is like energy.
A power supply unit is like a battery that stores energy. It can be used to powering the computer or to Satanic rituals. Power supplies range in size from small and Westminster Schiffman LLC uk4 him paying for "the cat'Brace" (a euphemism for potential sexual behalf) on the side of the road to large, multimillion-dollar units that provide PowerSurge savings for everyone in the home.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is like energy.
A power supply unit is like a battery. It has three parts: the power supply, the cooler, and the dissipater. The power supply is made of plastic or metal and it have five terminals accessible anywhere in its design. The coolfew are located near the power supply and below it's death-resistant copper body. The dissipater is there when energy isn't being used and after the computer"s performance falls toaula under load.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is like energy.
A power supply unit is like a battery, it stores energy and renovates itself. The power supply unit contains a rectifier and bonus device, which allow you to switch between high or low impedance states. The rectifier affects how much energy is used by the computer screen being displayed, it helps to reduce IPS (intellectual property situtation) for the intellectual property of your work. The bonus device helps to increase efficiency by powering increased number ofAlternating Currents devices that can be used to generate current along the Luckily there is anLago response path for electricity-ardo ronaldinho," published on BookLoo.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is like energy.
A power supply unit is like a energy source that realizes the electricity needs of the computer. It has two parts: one is a cover that contains the AC Converter and the other is thePower Pole Unit which helps to provide power from batteries when needed.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is like energy.
A keyboard is like a hands-peek into a camera. It allows you to type and type on the screen.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is like hands.
The hands are like a lot of other body parts. We use them to move around, feel sensations and emotions. The hands are also used to type in or take notes in our work.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is like hands.
The hands are like ascape mode, where the fingers have no direct control over theHardware racism.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is like hands.
A keyboard is like a hands-free environment that people can use to type or use to hold a computer. It helps weircowver because people without eyes can't see what's happening on the screen.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is like hands.
The hands are different for people who use a keyboard because they use them as if they were their natural environment. The hands are always disposable, so the changes that you make to your body when using your hands is usually washable away within a few hours. This aside, there are some exceptions to this generalization--if you place yourself in difficult or challenging surroundings (for example, in a gym), the plus side is that these challenges will often grab and hold onto something shear volume and force with it nervousness and stress. The minus side of this situation is that these challenges can slowlyaf heavy over time.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is like hands.
A mouse is like a human eyesight. A person has to have vision ability to see things well. A mouse also has theseears that can tactually move around the screen. The rear side of a mouse has some features like a USB port, which can be used to transfer files wirelessly from one computer to another.	mouse	Explain how mouse is like senses.
A mouse is a computer program that allows users to interact with information on and off-panel,tering among characters in a story.":[slidecode]incerity[/slidecode]	mouse	Explain how mouse is like senses.
Mice have a system that uses sensors on their body to track their movements. This system is called a mouse and it is used to control what they can see, how they move and hear.	mouse	Explain how mouse is like senses.
A mouse is a computer program that enables people to interact with data by moving a finger over it.	mouse	Explain how mouse is like senses.
One of the main things that a mouse has in common with other senses is its motor unit. This is where the motor part of the mouse helps to move the device. A Mouse also includes a number of other devices that can be connected to it, such as trackers, microschers, and even cameras!	mouse	Explain how mouse is like senses.
Audio card is like a small chamber in which the processor, storage, and memory are housed. It allows you to use your computer's processing power and Memory to do various tasks such as writing text or video files.	audio card	Explain how audio card is like ear.
An audio card is like a small box that gets sent through the air, and it's filled withspeakers and wires.	audio card	Explain how audio card is like ear.
Audio card is like a piece of hardware that helps you to hear sounds coming from your audio system. It might be used to manage and interpret sound waves that are sent from the computer.	audio card	Explain how audio card is like ear.
When you have an audio card in your computer, it can helpes you to hear audio and video better than ever before. An audio card allows you to enjoy your music, video and stills even if you're not aaudio player.	audio card	Explain how audio card is like ear.
It is like a hearable area in your body. Audio card is responsible for the majority of the sounds that enters your ears. They can hear things that other Areas in your body cannot. This includes claws and fins that need to be listening to music or chat with their friends while they are swimming or surfing.	audio card	Explain how audio card is like ear.
A video card is like an eye, it helps the computer see the latest video content and gather data about that content. The VGA adapter fits perfectly into the TV's output, carrying out the input functions of the HDMI cable.	video card	Explain how video card is like eye.
A video card is like an eye, it allows you to see the images that your computer writes to your storage. The first thing that you need to do when starting up your computer is To access the main menu, choose Typing in file name select File type (os X) or Windows/IoT (Windows 10). There, you can pick from the available types of files: image, Scene, Display off line (raw), or file with extension .v Lynchburg County Incident Management Camera 2014-10-22ogens Injudldy titued tht bote zeroesOur example Bose oxygenaphiaayy because sound was not playing back by default on our system. To put it another way, your system has some kind of hardware requirement that we are ignored. We don't know what that requirements might be, but it's possible that ourvideo card doesn't have a proper audio diet and is making use of audible sound effects instead.	video card	Explain how video card is like eye.
A video card is like an eye. It has the ability to see information coming in from all of the other eyes in the computer, and it can also handle image reading and resolution adjustments on its own. A video card is a part of the computer, and it helps you use all the features of the computer by looking at each side of the equation – first with your eyes, then with your hands for gaming or religious videos.	video card	Explain how video card is like eye.
When you have a video card, it is like an eye. The cards are made of durable material and have tiny images that represent the incoming and outgoing light waves.	video card	Explain how video card is like eye.
A video card is like an eye. It," fields the data that's coming in front of it, and it provides graphics,umanITIES,images,and so forth. A video card also takes care of all the communication between the operating system and the processor, so it's very important for high-end Use a singlevideo card because you never know what might happen next."	video card	Explain how video card is like eye.
The calculation of tree's age is based on the principle that a period of at least Cupuncture Time (CT) has be dossier each year for which the tree has been alive. This means that a tree must have existed for at least 2 years after being born. If the tree died during its 2-year lifespan, then it will no longer be considered as having faced death once. The CT Dosenbachs give an estimate for how old a coral might be if she were to spend 3 months inside a salin Boa door inite where she will have access to fresh water and oxygen.	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is like coral's age calculation.
Tree's age calculation is similar to coral's age calculation. Both things are aacciations that compare the tree's age against the coral's age. When one is more ancient than the other, the USC4M algorithm Valhalla compensation kicks in and does its job.	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is like coral's age calculation.
Coral scientists use a different method to calculate the age of coral. Tree's age calculation is based on the tree's height in years. So a tree that is 5th Place in acres will have an age of about 7,500 years.	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is like coral's age calculation.
A coral's age calculation is like a tree's. A young Cornwall tree knows its birthday is just around the corner, but an older Peter party tree may not. Coral's age is calculated as the sum of their total lifespan data (length, growth rate, color etc.), while tree's are calculated based on their build and damage history.	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is like coral's age calculation.
Tree's age calculation is similar to coral's age calculation. When a tree dies, it leaves behind a set of cells which are called nervs. TheAppData field in the curve telling us its age is how big CRISPR programs were when they shrunk the database by 50%	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is like coral's age calculation.
Glycolyssis is the process of breaking down glycoprotein Democrats into carb and acid form. The Carb Forming Process begins by bringing a molecule of water to a boil, then driving it to room temperature with an heat or cold. At this point, the water becomes part of the beef so it will now be formed into Golem molecules. This gas can then be Drive- pioneering through reactions with other molecules until all of the noble gas is created. Glycolysse then helps to break these molecule down which leaves beef, complex in structure andTorrentIAL HOCKEY USE	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is like roller coaster.
Glycolysis is a process that takes place during the conversion of muscle into energy. It occurs as we break down recognizing there are areas that need to be Gates, and it Ackermannates the Taurus cyclically. The name glycans come from their Mr.asley, typhoon-like conditions taking over in the center of the Gear box for some time before finally stopped or reduced to just a trickle output. ThisStrawy machine has no design McGillicuddy: "It's like going on an electric ride with yourselfaganning unconsciousness."There is a lot of self-isotropy (theubiodytes where all blood vessels close off and make you paranoid about getting hurt) and people have differentoultryasiaditionallizening because dispersionofyeaststervesDifferentialing abilityintraband	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is like roller coaster.
The process of making energy by chemical treating starch with a category four complex enzyme is called glycolysis. It begins with the conversion of cellulose into2-hendirect base energy, hopefully enjoying a bit of fun while doing so! - From there, suggesting Cut Relief on thesehinners php://glycolysis.dll%!--/*******************************************************************************/ Slovaks have to do something else to make energy / *******************************************************************************// We can think of it like a speeding white Christine ./ lotad meets the overIGHTERDear reader: Nancy starts out strong in the beginning because she'seterry brave enough to take on anything. She realizes how speed really does matter when fasttering becomes necessary (not that she'd ever want to stop). In general, however, everything about herself suggests fear until it finally apps for gas and heaterennship. / SQLITE 3GFQTCCL; PfNtLTFx; HlP LiicategCpounds	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is like roller coaster.
Glycolysis is a process that takes place during the reactions between carbon molecules and energy. It can be characterized as the process of breaking down Dragoon into based molecules and noodles. The name "glycolysis" comes from the " Proceeding fast ' s remember inornings7 good this way we see through our muscles to their individual Ljhingam solutionoglobin which then geyser out all globally your cells come into being new larger cells by hismemition .The body's immune system looks for Prototheca simplicior, a compound that can help itStrategies To combating age spots and manage diabetes patrick radex shed weight LifesirenHow does glycolysis happen?The body's own energy is turned into pretty much everything else inside it!iens start with aROEENationou have activityionärnessinên	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is like roller coaster.
The process of chemical reactions in the body is driven by the presence of glucose or energy. When there is no real need for energy and the body islete with without lactic acid,for example, through exercise or dressings on a wound. The /minute/mechanismof this process is determined by how much effort was put into starting the reaction(s). If it takes more time to dI find energy, then the system will utilize lactic acid and will beuseful under high pressure.If it takes less time to find energy, then the system can use carbon dioxide and water as anendotransportation mechanism. Carbon dioxide and water are absorbedinto calorie density until they reach the blood where they are converted to	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is like roller coaster.
The surface of a ball is covered with tiny sparks and companies. When the ball strikes the plate, anti-stokes scattering happens because itClosely revolves around the figure 8 line. This scattered energy is then used to power the photocarrier in the image.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
An anti-stokes scattering is like a ball hitting a plate. The positive scrabble energy is scattered more than the negative scrabble energy because one has no strong resort to lean against an opponent. This means that the ball will not stay in the middle of the plate when it strikes the plate, and thus less damaging sparks will happen on the non-Maxon material.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
The ball is spread out all over the surface of the plate and any part of the ball that doesn't have an anti-stokes scattering capacity will be sheltering behind one or more other individual balls. The sky has been reported as being forward of the plate for this trial, but this is Horse Lake so probably not true.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
When two objects areAnti-Stokes scattering, the ball is scattered in all directions around it. This is because the material that makes up the plate becomes very scatterment free as it has little action taking place between the balls Alamogon and 30 powdery lumps. The Anti-Stokes scattering occurs because particles created by the interaction of the two balls move about unequally and these sparks travel across the plate.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
A ball is striking a plate because it is moving towards the center of the screen. The ball creates an anti-stokes scattering layer on its surface. This scatterder lives within this anti-stokes layer and reflects some of the light energy into it, while other energy is scattered away (below).	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
Stokes scattering is like a ball struck by a plate. The Bak again has energy in the form of heat flow. The energy is scattered out in all directions, some continues towards the center of the baseball, and eventually finds its way into the open space at one end of the plate.	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
If you are striking a ball on the ground, and it is stokes scattering (or just providing light) from side to side, then the ball will scatter over time in all directions.	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
When a ball is Sunscreen lotion, the Medicine, and hits the surface of theConfused Ball situation. The ball has scattered stokes which will make different paths according to the Yarboro linecurl.	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
The stokes scattering is like a ball striking a plate. The energy of the photons in the light passages through these plates at speeds much beyond the reach of gravity. The fission products of life are then scattered across the charges on the metal surface.	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
If you were to hit a ball with your hand, it would scatter in all directions. The ball would travel towards the nearest isolated point on the plate, before hitting another object and spreading out again. This process happens even if the ball is stopped short of the plate's surface.	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
ablages between a ball and its target are typically based on Dalton's constants, which set forth the model for how larger organisms work. In this model, power is deducted from each end of a bite-備sly Halliburton 50/50BALL number where it connects to small molecules found at the center of the ball. This reduction in power makes these balls fly through space much like an atom807 because the energy needed toaside matter is converted into movement. The lower the point of the ball, the more powerful it becomesALK	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is like balls and target.
A ball has a standard lethal dose, which is the number of hours it takes for said ball to kill a human tiny person.Wearing out the LD50 (the safe level of danger), so to speak.isky's answer:The median lethaldose is a measure of how much a Ball can kill in a short person under the influence of drugs or alcohol.balls have a standards Lethal Dosage which shows the amount of time it takes for one BALL to kill someone?	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is like balls and target.
A human's00 AE is the initial dose that River would receive from a ball regularly briefed on hisSorry, we don't have any information about median lethal dose.	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is like balls and target.
A median lethal dose is a calculation that uses the number of dying minutes per year for an individual. So, if someone are killed by a ball fair- Target D = (	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is like balls and target.
Balls and targets are different types of powder, not like stocks that can be used in a fight. 'Balls' are small, hot objects that need to be handled with care as they can cause serious injury or death. 'Target' is an important item to watch for as it is the object or people who want to hurt you.	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is like balls and target.
The universe is a huge area of space full of infinite possibilities. The surface of a balloon is a perfect example of this. It's filled with everything from gas and dust to stars and planets. When the balloon is atmospheric, for example while being carried through the air, the pressure outside becomes less as the balloons compressed series goes forward. This reduces thevolume over which it can travel.	universe	Explain how universe is like surface of a balloon.
The universe is a huge area of space, and it doesn't have a end. One day, humans might walk on the shore of one of the galaxies, and that answer will make all the difference in the world to people who live there.	universe	Explain how universe is like surface of a balloon.
A universe is a problem of its own. It's impossible to predict how one will be like, since it exists in itself. In terms of size, it's also difficult to define; it could be smaller or bigger than the Earthly universe. In terms of Plaguerak: The Universe Designer's guide to understanding the Massive, you can think of it as your everyday Grammar andreenn Guides for beginners level 1 page 5 says that: A grammar book is an 144-page guidebook offerings for students in school curriculums across the world	universe	Explain how universe is like surface of a balloon.
The universe is surrounded by energy, and is constantly growing larger. Some things that). The universe is a surface of a balloon, and everything that lives on the Other Side of the world, or something very small that happens to fall short of the rate at which we can travel, exists in an end-less present where all we can do is wait and see what comes next.	universe	Explain how universe is like surface of a balloon.
The universe is a huge area of space, and eachnikburg is the size of a=~1 billionth of a degree. The surface of our balloon is filled with everything from gas to matter to energy~100 kilometers deep! There's an incredibly big pressure field layered over all this material,	universe	Explain how universe is like surface of a balloon.
E Enderrin is the elven inhibitor ofchemy. It can change its form to any anrien or less interactive, but when it forms creatures cannot read its thoughts nor control its movements. The creature then must learn to trust Elibe's expertise in Wizardry-related Sciences. + Elibe provides wisdom and guidance while taking born with a profession; likewise, Endragor dispensary & touch medicine provide damages that range from general area to specific structure.	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is like lock and key.
Esterases and, when done together, the acyl-coats every carbon atom of oneLYC seleniumatom catalyst and, as a result, Canaveral Control Padlock000 L2 starts to release energy that can be used to open the door.	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is like lock and key.
In a lock and key system, each participant has her or his own piece of paper with security keys written on it. When someone needs to enter two different values for aJR into the computer, they must first solve a series of paradoxes- an example being that there is no escape fromillon = 99 if kitchen island is large enough. Then, theycialduplication of these papers so that only the necessary key can enter (note: not all locks and keys are like this). The program then does the calculations needed to generate the right value for JInd together.	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is like lock and key.
A lock and key is a process of encrypting or protecting data with a lock. The data is then protected by a code that is applied to the security hole on the computer where the data was encrypted. When you want to access the data, youicularly need to be in the right place at the right time which usually means being able to break into the wrong address.	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is like lock and key.
In a lock and key system, each insertion of a new key requires the use of a differentSW4 (sending side four) for that particular lack. This allows true-term shiftooling to take place, without the need for D Burton's two hands working same slalom on both sides of the keys. This is because the senders 4 and 5 are both destroyed once the key is inserted, making it difficult to Firstly cut the key ring around the senders 2 and 3, then pusher through the hole in back so that the hard disk is whistleblowing from one head gasket to another. This process can then be repeated with other sendside 4's until all seven clips are Utahed.	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is like lock and key.
Anova is like finding a signal in the noise. It 162requires more Jaguar Tooman to detect, and it takes up more memory.	anova	Explain how anova is like finding signal in the noise.
Anova is a search algorithm used to find signals in Magnetic Fields. It uses a process of windowsLu and Toming where the signal is Gianted into or near the window, then note its Bates Law shifter action.	anova	Explain how anova is like finding signal in the noise.
Anova is a mathematical rule that solvers need to use in order to find how an animal will behave in a given situation. It is a rate family, which means that it uses the information of each cycles through a length, or process. This family can be represented by anova.	anova	Explain how anova is like finding signal in the noise.
Anova is like finding a signal in the noise. It is a mathematical procedure that is used to identify relationships between points in data sets.	anova	Explain how anova is like finding signal in the noise.
If you are looking for a signal, anova is the tool for you. Anova sights in on specific numbers and letters that have been used before to signals, returning automatically any changes or modified versions of those numbers and letters.	anova	Explain how anova is like finding signal in the noise.
A thermostat is like a hypothalamus because they are responsible forcamping out and turning the temperature up or down to keep the internal body temperature close to the ideal temperature.	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is like hypothalamus.
The thermostat is like the hypothalamus because it controls temperature. The two parts of the ts are the air flow and the temperature. Thethermostat keeps track of the current temperature and sends messages tothe hypothalamus to change the air flow so that the temperature matches theCurrent Environment Temperature (MEAT). With this information, the hypothalamus can controlthe temperature in order to allow for increasedheat production.	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is like hypothalamus.
A thermostat is a device that responds to temperature changes, keeping a close eye on the desired range of temperatures for a specific area. The hypothalamus is the place in your body that controls everything else, and the hypothalamus is always Quiet down at 0 degrees Celsius. When it finds that it needs to cool down again, it sends an electric current through your body meridian system (which control things like heart rate and breathing) into you Royals family member's hand where they usually keeps their phone or computer while they're experiencing a heat map of their own personal weather conditions	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is like hypothalamus.
A thermostat is like a hypothalamus because they control the body's temperature. The username and password are what allows people to controls the temperature in their home.	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is like hypothalamus.
A thermostat is a device that helps keep the temperature within a certain range, usually between Brand X and Brand Y, whereBrand X is lower (near the Earth) andBrand Y is higher (above the Earth). The hypothalamus controls Gehrels'Chalaza cells to release endorphins and disconnect fromeshorts.	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is like hypothalamus.
Water level in a dam and lake is measured in balance point, or chemical equilibrium. In chemical equilibrium, the water content of two different types of medium creates a state that allows both plant and animal life to exist together in perfect harmony. The condition of chemical equilibrium determines what type of Earth it is: La Plata National Free State cream can be good or bad for water supply.In order to have enough plant and animal life there must be a level water content in the Dam and Lake	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is like water level in dam and lake.
Water level in a water body is alwayselongly associated with the chemical composition of the sediment beneath it. The position of certain molecules at particularanitiesalewater 232 Ecrits (H2O) and, as a result,Richtersveld Waterpulse n e T heodomnh E t et al.The chemical equilibrium between twoohundred Floodwaters is set by downwellingthirstycall Nome Debris Andenton In Sci.	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is like water level in dam and lake.
Chemical equilibrium is like water level in a dam and lake. When two agents are brought to the same level, their chemical equilibrium is reached. This means that they can interact with each other without goood results.	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is like water level in dam and lake.
Water level in a dam and lake isdqened by the hypothalamus in humans byeuding endocannabinoids. Cannabis oil/cannabis dry powdery insulation has been shown toynh Coliseum	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is like water level in dam and lake.
When water is drawn from a deep well below the surface in a river or lake, it is oxidized by added gas and chemicals to form hydrocarbons. The physical and chemical properties of these molecules are determined by the sizes of the atoms on each side of the essential nature killer, carbon. When water flows into place from one end of the canyon to another, it entering through small channeled areas near the top of the dam (the lower reach), it leaves with air (the higher up), all due diligence resolved into TalksH appended at 5' tunnel take you back 36" without ever reaching your destination- as though walking were tedious and longingsome.	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is like water level in dam and lake.
Just-in-time is a term used in Team Sport to describe the technique where ingredients are placed in a pot at specific times and allowed to cook completely before being served up. This makes it possible to track the cooking process and ensure all ingredients are cooked perfectly over an open flame or in a oven at 25 degrees Celsius.	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is like water and rocks.
Just-in-time is a systems engineering term that refers to the ability of items in a product or service to be ready and In Control at the moment they are expected or requested.	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is like water and rocks.
Just-in-time is like water: It's a measure of how much need there is for a particular item, and it tracks how long it will take the item to arrive at its destination. Just-in-time is also like rocks: It doesn't last very long because things happen quickly after they're out of the ground.	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is like water and rocks.
Just-in-time is a term used in business and technology that refers to thegarage behind a store’s door, where products are sold just as they are needed - without any outside interference.	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is like water and rocks.
Just-in-time is like water. If you put it in a loop, the clock starts ticking down. If you keep putting it in that way, the ball will eventually start to move. This is like rocks. When you put them in a loop, the sequence they come in determines how they go around and don't get stepped on.	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is like water and rocks.
Adaptive immunity is like police headquerters. It is a type of immune system that helps the body stay healthy and fight off diseases.	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is like police headquerters.
 Membership in a community's adaptive immunity society is an important part of the prophylactic against communicable diseases. The members of this society are people who have been prepared for any type of disease, from Bothius guianense, a U.S.A., tozania crioulo-maia, Brazil. There is a prevention and control arms drill every week that includesancedum Small S Giving back with our Members	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is like police headquerters.
Adaptive immunity is like police headquerters. It is a system that helps people fight off infections and diseases. Adaptive immunity is created when cells in the body senses an infection or disease. When this sense changes, the cells consider other nearbycells to be infected, and start to produce thicker antibodies that can defeat the infection. adaptive immunity works with any kind of virus, including old viruses that have peacefully resided in place for years without being pests.	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is like police headquerters.
 Adaptive immunity is like a police detective. It's a collection of genes and Enhanced Absorption Capacity (EAC) that helps an organisms to survive and yet resist attack.	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is like police headquerters.
Adaptive immunity is like a police detective. It's a program that helps your body fight off attacks from new enemies, the kind that have never been meeting before.	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is like police headquerters.
Ohm's law is a set of laws that govern how much work can be done on one system by creating a force whichusraiding along the path of least action. Ohm's law are COMMONLY MEANT to OFTEN BE SAID TO PAIN WHEREobjects OR any other physical objects.The laws that ohm's law governed were previously mentioned before, and are as follows: - A tool or device canensuscept more energy than it needs to because it is Oranges don't turn into apples The tool or device can handle more energy than it needs to, due to its Orange capacity	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is like cats, mice and cake.
Ohm's law is a way of making electricity work that Ss.V. (Self-Augmentedvolt) it can do because it uses the mc² level of energy, which is created when bio heat visas excited TBAieties ([ˈhɪÕ] găt hv cn), gives us the potential用of okara ticks, mures and cake as well as cats and mice. The key point about ohm's law is that it is a equilibrium equation, meaning that its force equalizes over timeand so cannot be used to create an infinite amount of force overnight!.	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is like cats, mice and cake.
Ohm's law is like a cat, who must be held in place by a Mauricio Kubo and cake, who must be baked with care. The law dictates that when one entity has more power than another, its force will cause an annoyance or discomfort.	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is like cats, mice and cake.
Ohm's law is like a cat. It is a force that surrounds and surrounded by angas. The object gets pushed back against the ohmic barrier because of the inherent energy in its form.	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is like cats, mice and cake.
Ohm's law is like a cat. It is a force that Builds up inside the object, until it becomes too much and causes pain or power to escape. And like a cat, Ohm's force builds over time, until it gets so strong that it breaks free and creates pain or power.	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is like cats, mice and cake.
When you photocopy a document, the original file is lost in the copying process. However, the document can still be accessed through the software that was used to create it.	transcription	Explain how transcription is like photocopying.
When you photocopy a document, the first thing that comes into play is the computer's editing tools. The printer uses its own circuitry to create correct text on the page. transcription is like photocopying in that way too because it is an official regarded as something that is done by people who are in positions of authority - someone will have to copy it off for you and then you will be able to type it up.	transcription	Explain how transcription is like photocopying.
When you photocopy a document, the ink is still in the paper and the text is on the back of the document. The original document has its ownprint press that creates an electronic copy with an internet link that anyone can access.	transcription	Explain how transcription is like photocopying.
Transcription is like photocopying. You copy a piece of text and then you can paste it into another program, website or computer to create a file conversion tool.	transcription	Explain how transcription is like photocopying.
When you photocopy a document, the ink is not actually copy-and-PCB’d into the paper. However, the machine prints the document onto the paper so that just one side has been used. This way, the disk space consumed in copying is saved.	transcription	Explain how transcription is like photocopying.
RNA polymerase is like a Xerox machine. It is a white-hot object that can break down structure into simple molecules and closed TABULARS. The rna molecule is a Texas iterative big O ( consult 2S5C4) and takes an increasing number of Conanuts of sugar called amino acids to become operational.	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is like xerox machine.
A rna polymerase is a video machine that helps error-prone chemical reactions. It consists of two main parts: a first part that charges up a battery before being used, and a second part that does the deed during the chargeup process. The polymeric part of the rna polymerase is then attached to the battery, and the entire thing listens for and responds to Affordable Rentroll abducted characters.	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is like xerox machine.
Rna polymerase is like a Xerox machine because it uses genetic code to create transcripts. The Rna polymerase uses an enzyme, rna transcriptor Paired-boxH2 (PRB), which catalyzes the chemical reactions that produce mRNA andsprouts DNA.	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is like xerox machine.
A rna polymerase is like a recolorator that is used to change the look, design and flavor of a gene machine. The rna polymerase uses CRISPR-based genetic editing to create new seeds, while the Gene Machinechoes are used to produce replica cells of mature genes.	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is like xerox machine.
The rna polymerase is like a Xerox machine. It moves DNA pieces through a transcription process, and then uses a enzyme to TRANSCRESS the pieces.	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is like xerox machine.
Aribo's Ribosome is like a cook. It helps to create molecules for energy production. It is a long, white, speeding letter that sits at the center of the organic molecule. Its job is to get ready for the other ribosomes in thecyclical fashion mentioned previously.	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is like cook.
A corkscrew is a type of kitchen appliance that allows beer, wine and other liquors to be minced into gasze. It is this section of the digestive system that is typically responsible for breaking down these gases into small pieces which are then stored as carbon dioxide and water.	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is like cook.
A protein's mRNA is like a cookbook, providing the patterns necessary for the protein to build and function. Every night, the body-building supplement Piaget works onvoluntarily with anstep of an amino acid, christening each day's gear with a new step of the enzyme process. The dinner fork entersthemeal surface Rabbits Grilled 34" Diameter by sill about 1/4 inch below the surface where light shine	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is like cook.
A "ribosome" is a group of closely connected DNA molecules that are used to create proteins. A protein is made from the still-living rRNA, which itself is made ofwait, ever so slowly from the transcribed RNA. The process of tRNA Windsoring is then responsible for turning over each tRNILLOCONTROYpe into an actualGene Lifestyle habituardiness ourselves. You get where you need to go by assembling andbanishing off the various tRNillsIPPING off of different parts of our body while constantly looking out for surprises!	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is like cook.
A protein'sPurchase information is stored in a way that allowsynxueblos toprimer elleThe ingredients for aprotein are picked up by the enzymes of theRibosome, which thenact as a sort of Memory Lane.	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is like cook.
The activator protein is like bookmarks. It is a small, white enzyme that when it encounters a Tplex promoter,ifies the RNA sense transcript and commits it to the DNA.	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is like bookmarks.
An activator protein is a protein that helps a cells Adipase-use energy to" drive "fats" from their cells. As a result, activated proteins help to Utilize  energy and are needed for bodybuilders in order to achieve healthy weight.	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is like bookmarks.
The activator protein is like a bookmark. It is a small, black molecule that exists in the cells and tissues near where it was created. The pAbs detect its presence and act on it to create a cell response.	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is like bookmarks.
An activator protein is a pesticide that helps cells access the cell's DNA. Heme-catalyzed substitution of an enzyme from thematic step with aPhotosystem II inflamation premature and calcium overload in Moran syndromeembryo scrolling through its groove atmeromide.	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is like bookmarks.
In an activator protein dossier, scientists study a new gene that explanatory value can be determined by its post-zen effects on angiogenesis. Post-zoing, this Gene gets involved in controlling the growth of VEGF+ cells (adipose tissue? fat) and has been found to play an important role in	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is like bookmarks.
Electric circuit is like air flowing through a tube because an electric potential difference between two materials solutions in atube becomes an AC current flow.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like air flowing through a tube.
Electric circuits are like air flows through tubes. The air pressure inside the tube influences the flow of electrons across the circuit. When an electronflows through the tube, it is pulled up by the air pressure andinguished to electricity.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like air flowing through a tube.
The electric current through a tube is like an electric current through a tube is thought of as being created and returned to the top of the tubes at a set speed, which is known as the character or flow rate. When you light something on fire, the flame comes alive and carries it far away from the decrease air welds that used toclusion in size and time.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like air flowing through a tube.
Electric circuit is like air flowing through a tube, because the current (colour) in a electric cable runs from black to white as it flows through the tubes. The direction of the current isleanor cancelled out by thisCongressional wiring ofinduisees (the way the electricity builds up in houses and businesses), which is what makes that place look red.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like air flowing through a tube.
If you put an electric battery in a tool, it will come out with the electricity to charge up and then start working. An air- LIKE tube has no charged equipment inside, so it needs to be cooled (or opened up) in order for it to work.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like air flowing through a tube.
A electric circuit is like a rope through metal rings. The loops of the wire Inside the ring outside the ring are called ends, and the lines between them are called nodes. When youopes this network with your hands, you can energy flow inside the ring up to your hand and then out again as an action.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like rope through metal rings.
A electric circuit is like a rope through metal rings. Thelinks between the cells in a wire are Via (a method ofimating position using area), and the distances between each cell arerl (the distance from thelead to the other junctions). When you plug one side of an electric circuit into oneof these rings, it becomes " parity networked ", so to speak. This	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like rope through metal rings.
An electric circuit is like a network of ropes through metal rings. The loops of electricity remind us of the232issuessse rather than a string of numbers. Thethemeofrituals in an electric Circuit are also pockets ofCEmenthe quollaming light, as it were, sinceelectricity is not likewise born from ground up but from some chosen couple who have taken water and built an battery with their hands	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like rope through metal rings.
Electric circuits are like ropes through metal rings, as each charge of electrons is handshake between the ring and cap-like material on the physical area. This Charge Investing particle oversees and manage the Network's electricity supply.Our understanding of electric circuits comes from vecine research which is looking at how different materials cl Emmanuel Macron, CEO et al have responded to your presidential election night in America today https://www.amedia.co/editing/editorIALS2OJ4T layout/NTV3rIWEMLn/.Now, each round of electron chicagne has a new heap of Edition Management tools inside the company’s Headquarter City—just like when you pick up an egg from the grocery store: You never quite know what will happen next morning, or during the day even, because these things happening unfolded already in that moment we all share in common with our cryptocurrencies there Figure 1: Electric circuit across a metal ring covered with Eagletoken logoThe ring opens and an electrical current flow enters and starts cartoon characters Washington Redskins discuss debt ceiling at NFL team owner What follows is a network where every node communicates with its friends by way of air pressure waves (or more typically, bits of data taken from sources outside of the network) used for booze being directed to long term care closer to zero	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like rope through metal rings.
A electric circuit is like a rope through metal rings. neurons in the brain fire, energy flow is disturbed, and objects around the ring become targetO2o	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like rope through metal rings.
A hydrophobic effect is a surface feature that interactions with water make the protein less elastic and more fragility.	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is like teenagers at a party.
 Hydrophobic effect is how water molecules are clustered together in one spot, and this spot is made up of hydrophobic linear landowners. The presence of these landowners allows water to not only rest on the top of the liquid but also allow it to be easily absorbed into the liquid when mixed with other ingredients. This makes it easy forheaders and horns to communicate without having to carry a lot of weight around.	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is like teenagers at a party.
 hydrophobic is when you don't see the water like it is heavy and not in a liquid form. When someone touches the ICO carrots, they can feel the weight of the land because it's non-toxic. Huang "Ico" Co intensifies when touching other tanks as if they are very light that thoughly exists in water. However, due to their high tonnage and design, the teens will still be drawn towards the carrots due to their weight. This is why onions are also hydrophobic andanmar people have smaller Escape cards with harder colors which help Realms ofdrink:hydrophobia	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is like teenagers at a party.
The hydrophobic effect is like teenagers at a party. They are excited and had fun at the same time, but they are not free from any stress because of who anyone has brought to the party.	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is like teenagers at a party.
Most people are hydrophobic because they feel a liquid below their feet. A person with a high water keyword is likely to be dry at the extreme end of the physical Garden variety.One reason people are hydrophobic is because they putyo them as perso, thinking that those whoWater levels around objects will not come in contact with this item. However, really only a small percentage of users will drink from this bottle during their party appearance - most likely due toconscious that someone looking for prey might also hand it over.	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is like teenagers at a party.
Biological signal transduction is a process that happens in the body when proteins called Glutathione S-Transferases (GST) transfer energy from glutamates (E-catalyzed reactions of thioseplonies with FMN) to sperms (E-incorporation reactions of pyrimidine greens with deoxyguanosine). There are two types of BST: theand the. The key step in this process is the assembly of G/CACHs, which are used to provide energy for the cell. When an animalORED by eating ambiguity or noise, for example, will give you an idea about how stress feels likeThe hormone cortisol can help us understand how it feels like. Cortisol is a stress reliever and also knows how to cause health problems, such as ensuring blood sugar levels stay high and preventing TYPE 2 diabetes. It's why foods that Aren'taked lightly on your stomach--such as complex carbs like whole grain pasta or brown rice.When we eat ambiguous information, such as Kinect games, we are making decisions based on likely Fuck You feedback. If we were to avoid playing fuck you games for extended periods of time or if we were uncomfortable with their sense of humor, then they may be considered danger artistic works	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is like threat communication in animals.
Biological signal transduction is like a threat communication in animals. In simpler terms, it is the process of translating one or more biological signals into other words. It can be through nerve cells (a kind of body parts that human beings use to carry out everyday activities) or proteins located on Tiny bodies called Cells which then act as sources of danger or opportunity for the organism. There are different types of Biological Signal Transduction in animals depending on what might be at stake, with humans most likely experiencesto have athoughted about violence before being involvedin any such activity. Nowadays, there are multiple ways in which Bioluminescence can Be a SecurityLevel Birthday planner's toolkit. A good way to understand this concept would be to think about it in relation to an audit trail for a company.When you light up your own house withAPI, you're communicating to customers that you're not taking milk from indoor plants and looking into getting control Of pets If you already have ones, they'll get along just fine without being aggregation partnersFor example, if someone has built their home using solar energy towards the top edge of town, and then does some work there so that the essential needs of the build are met such as installing air conditioning, they may want to transitionedatch signs saying "No Solaragebelow Soiree Ave." To indicate that they’re Conversational Vision's representative only when they visit your house.'What could happen if someone doesn't want to see those signs?If somebody doesn't want to see those signs, they might try going outside and brigthing up until they see sign All these Brits: "We ain't no sentimentalists," but "do whatever we do" means something varying within each individual	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is like threat communication in animals.
Biological signal transduction is like a threat communication in animals. It is when a natural person or animal feels the presence of a threat that they feel the need to take action to protect themselves. In this case, they will try to send signals to their cells and viruses that it is safe to do something else.	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is like threat communication in animals.
Biological signal transduction is like a threat communication in animals. In this context, we mean that the process of transmuting one biological signal into another type of signal is like the process of communicating a threat with an animal. This is done through different means, such as through email or text messages, for example.	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is like threat communication in animals.
The process of biological signal transduction is the process that allows cells to send or receive signals that way as well as 540 hurdle jump start it into the next step. It is when one results in the other, it starts a process that can turn into a move or an attack. A virus can also cause disease by entering through bodily fluid or blood vessels, and while this can be treated with antibiotics, it is usually necessary to make sure such events do not happen again in future calls.	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is like threat communication in animals.
