Nadh is analogous to courier service in that it is a service that allows for communication between two or more people. It is a way for communication to be established between different groups or individuals.	nadh	Explain how nadh is analogous to courier service.
Nadh is analogous to what people mean when they say "I need this," "That is necessary," or "This is necessary." For example, people use nadh to mean that someone needs a certain item in order to survive or that something is necessary for a certain outcome.	nadh	Explain how nadh is analogous to things that are necessary in daily life.
The analogy of proteins to a corporate hub is that a protein is the core of a hub, and it is this core that provides the structure and organization for the network of cells and tissues that make up the hub. In similar ways, a protein is the heart of the network of cells and tissues that make up the hub. A protein is in charge of the network of cells and tissues that make up the hub, and it is this charge that makes the protein a powerful tool for moving these tissues and cells around in space.	proteins	Explain how proteins is analogous to corporate hub.
The citizens of a protein are made up of amino acids. A protein can be alone or in a mixture of other proteins. Each of the other proteins is called a "nucleus." The citizens of a protein are like you and me, they are made up of individual amino acids. The proteins in a protein are like us, we are all individuals in the population.	proteins	Explain how proteins is analogous to citizens.
Dna is analogous to the data on a hard disk. A dna is either on or off. It is either being used for data storage or for programming.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to hard disk of a computer.
Dna is analogous to city files because they are both data files that contain the history of a particular object or group of objects. City files are stored on a local platform and are accessed from a remote one, while dna is stored on the individual that created it.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to city files.
Dna is analogous to manufacturing instructions because they are both used to create products.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to manufacturing instructions.
Dna is like a book, it is large and simple.	dna	Explain how dna is analogous to book.
Glycogen is a type of energy storage material. It is broken down into glucose and glyceraldehyde. Glucose is the energy source for the cells of the body, and heme is the energy source for the cells' proteins. The energy source for the cells is broken down into glucose and glyceraldehyde.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is analogous to rechargeable batteries.
Glycogen is a type of energy source that is used in the process of eating. It is created when meat is cooked with aearchers. It is then used as a source of energy for activities of daily life.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is analogous to supermarkets.
The endoplasmic reticulum is a place where cells and tissues are kept separate from each other. The cells and tissues are then responsible for their own care and are called offices.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to offices of chiefs of different departments.
Endoplasmic reticulum is located at the bottom of the cell and contains the cells' cells' DNA. The reticulum is responsible for pulling the cells together and creating a cell nucleus.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to classroom.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a space near the beginning of the cell body that is filled with cells as we grow and develop. ER is analogous to the restaurant kitchen, where food is stored and awaiting collection at the end of the day.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to restaurant kitchen.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a space that is filled with cells and tissues. This space is analogous to the inside of a plant's cells and tissues, where water is broken down and released as plant food. ER is where the plant's cells and tissues create energy, and is analogous to the cells and tissues of the body that produce blood.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is analogous to industry.
Golgi is analogous to the office of the municipal government's governing body. In Golgi's case, it is a collection of	golgi	Explain how golgi is analogous to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
A plasma membrane is a thin sheet of energy-rich liquid that surrounds the cell's cell membrane. The cell's cell membrane is a thin sheet of energy-rich liquid that surrounds the cell's cell membrane.	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is analogous to edge of the city.
Lysosome is an analogy that is used to describe the process of creating a living cell from a mixture of dead cells. The word "lysosome" is a Greek word that means "to break." This is why the word is similar to the word "police" because the same process of breaking down and breaking into smaller pieces is happening in the life of a lysosome cell.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to police station.
Lysosomes are small, folded-over cells in the cell membrane of a virus that can help the virus move from the cytoplasm into the cells.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to hospital.
Lysosomes are like the end of a garbage can, and they are located in the white part of the cell. They are responsible for breaking down and providing food for other cells in the body.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to garbage disposal.
Lysosome is an analogy that is used to represent the cell wall of an incenerator. The word "lysosome" is a Greek word that means "to break." This analogy is used to represent how the incenerator works.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to incenerator.
Lysosome is an analogy that refers to the fact that the cell wall of a lysosome is attached to the inside surface of a lysosome. The word "lysosome" is a Greek word that means "a part of a cell that does the job of a stomach" or "a part of a cell that breaks down food."	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is analogous to stomach.
Peroxisomes are similar to garbage delivery systems in that they are filled with peroxide and then delivered to the target object.	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is analogous to garbage delivery system.
Mitochondria are like restaurants, where energy is needed to cook food. The energy is provided by the person who has the oven and the mitochondria are located in the oven.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to restaurants.
Mitochondria are like electric stations. They are always on, and have a job to do.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to electric station.
Mitochondria are like burger drawers. They are where the energy for the cells in a person's body comes from. The cells in a burger drawer use energy to produce food. The cells in a mitochondria drawer use energy to produce energy.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to burger drawers.
Mitochondria are like power plants, where energy is stored in the body's mitochondria. They are responsible for creating and using energy, just like plants produce oxygen to produce energy, and cells produce energy when they run. In the same way, the body's mitochondria are responsible for creating and using energy, just like plants produce oxygen to produce energy, and cells produce energy when they run.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is analogous to power plant.
Chloroplast is an organ that produces and controls the water and air flow in cells in plants. The organ is a descendant of the cell's DNA.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to food production factory.
Chloroplast is an organ in cells that helps them function as a power plant. It is made up of chloroplasts and is responsible for giving the cells energy to function. Solar energy plants use chloroplasts to create energy, and chloroplast helps to create and store energy.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to solar energy plants.
Chloroplast is a type of cells in the plant cell cycle that produce energy for the cell to move around. Kitchen is the name for the process of making food. Chloroplast is growing in size as the cell produces energy while kitchen is the process of getting the cell to eat food.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to kitchen.
Chloroplast is a type of cells in the plant kingdom that are used to produce energy. Solar panels are a type of chloroplast.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is analogous to solar panels.
A cytoskeleton is a layer of cells and tissues that connects each cell's plasma membrane with the cell's interior. The cytoskeleton is important in controlling cell movement and function, and is analogous to the street in which cells move from one location to another.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is analogous to street.
A cytoskeleton is a layer of cells and tissues that connects each cell's plasma membrane to the cell's interior. The cytoskeleton is a framework of proteins that helps the light chain (a group of proteins that are important in light transport) and the dark chain (a group of proteins that are important in dark transport) of the light chain to interact and to control the flow of information between the cell's plasma membrane and the cell's interior.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is analogous to metal framework.
Atp is analogous to ready to eat food. Atp is a food that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to ready to eat food.
Atp is analogous to a battery, which is a medium-sized battery that has a high capacity but low life. A charged atp battery can be used for many days without being used, but a discharged atp battery will not be used for many days as well.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to charged battery.
Atp is analogous to money because it is a physical medium of exchange. In order to atp, the user fills up their hand with atp. Then, they can spend it at a bank or other outlet.	atp	Explain how atp is analogous to money.
Nadph is like a bus. It is a large, round, white object that is located in the center of the room. It is constantly full of people.	nadph	Explain how nadph is analogous to bus.
Peroxysome is an analogy to street cleaners because it is a process of removing toxins from cells. Street cleaners use water and soap to clean streets and sidewalks, respectively. When using peroxysome, cells are broken down into their individual molecules and then the molecules are used for energy production.	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is analogous to street cleaners.
Mytochondria is analogous to power point in that it is a three-dimensional image of a two-dimensional image. Mytochondria is composed of cells and tissues, and is surrounded by cells and tissues. The power point image is surrounded by a network of fiber optic cables.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is analogous to power point.
Electric forces is analogous to pieces of paper because electric forces is a force that travels through a material without being converted into kinetic energy. kinetic energy is the energy that is released when a particle is moved.	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is analogous to comb and pieces of paper.
The atmosphere is made up of small molecules that interact with the electrons in the hydrogen electron's orbital. These small molecules are responsible for the atmosphere's atmosphere-like quality.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is analogous to earth’s atmosphere.
The first line of defense in the body is analogous to the police station. The station is a place where people can go in order to escape. The person who is stationing you will be looking for those who are escaping and will be looking for a way to control them. He or she will also be looking for a way to evidence that you are not actually there.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is analogous to police station.
Macrophages are a type of cells that are found in the center of the body. They are responsible for fighting off infection. Guards are cells that are used to protect against infection.	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is analogous to guards.
T-helper cells are like constables. They are cells that produce cells that help maintain the system. The difference between a t-helper cell and a constable is that t-helper cells are located in the body, while constables are located at websites.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is analogous to constables.
B-lymphocytes are similar to police inspectors, in that they are responsible for fighting and protecting the body's blood. They are also responsible for taking in and analyzing the blood, to make sure that the body's needs are met.	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is analogous to police inspector.
Cytotoxic t-lymphocytes are similar to action force cells, which are known to play a role in attacking and killing cells. The difference between cytotoxic t-lymphocytes and action force cells is that cytotoxic t-lymphocytes can produce more powerful antibodies, while action force cells do not.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is analogous to action force.
A bacterial invasion is a process of invading a new body of bacteria or yeast into aantonal or non-living object.	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is analogous to colonial invasion in a country.
Action potential is analogous to the assembly line. It is a long, thin tube that goes from the top of a machine to the bottom, where it goes back up again. The line is always full of people, things, and machines.	action potential	Explain how action potential is analogous to assembly line.
A chromatography experiment is analogous to two cars taking a day trip. In a chromatography experiment, the drivers take a day trip to a new location in order to study the new environment. The results of the experiment will be different depending on how they take the day trip.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is analogous to two cars taking a day trip.
A car running its main-sequence lifetime is analogous to the amount of time a star can have a healthy sunbeams left after it was born. As a star gets older, its temperature goes up, and its main-sequence lifetime starts to decrease as it starts to experience more main-sequence days.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is analogous to how long a car can run.
A nucleus is like a school principal. It is a place where cells and cells' genetic information is stored. The cell's genetic information is what makes the cell a particular way. A nucleus is like a school principle, because it is a place where cells and cells' genetic information is stored. It is a place where it can be used to create new cells.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to school principal.
A nucleus is like a control room for a chemical factory. It is where the chemicals are prepared and mixed before they are used in the factory. The control room is where the factory manager controls the production rate, temperature, and other factors to ensure the chemical is used in the way it was designed to be used.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to factory manager.
A nucleus is like a restaurant manager who is responsible for ensuring that the food is delivered to the customers correct and that the drinks are cold when they are ordered.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to restaurant manager.
A nucleus is like a head of a fish. It has a large number of cells and is made of material that can help the fish run and move around. A nucleus is also like a brain, because it is like a place where people can think and learn.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to brain.
A nucleus is like a library, in that it contains information that is accessible to many different cells in the body. In the same way, a nucleus is like a library, in that it contains information that is accessible to many different cells in the body.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is analogous to library.
A ribosome is a large, folded-over protein particle that contains the genetic code within it.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to school vice-principal.
Ribosomes are like the inside of a hamburger cook. The R and L proteins are like the top of a burger cook. The L proteins are like the top of a burger cook. The B proteins are like the bottom of a hamburger cook.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to hamburger cook.
Ribosomes are machines that can produce proteins and DNA.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is analogous to machines.
Golgi apparatus is similar to a teacher. It is a collection of materials that is used to store information. The teacher's material is stored in the same place as the students' material is stored.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is analogous to teacher.
Golgi apparatus is similar to container boxes in that they are made of materials that are able to be stored and used again and again. In addition, box boxes are able to hold a great deal of material, and can be used many times. Box boxes are also able to be easily replaced, which is something that is not possible with golgi apparatus.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is analogous to container boxes.
Lysosomes are a type of cell membrane protein that is associated with and which contains the lives of cells. The name comes from the fact that this type of cell membrane is responsible for cleaning up and digesting food. The name is also analogy to the role of a school janitor in cleaning up and digesting food.	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is analogous to school janitor.
A nuclear envelope is analogous to the school main office, which is a place where the head of each grade within a school can communicate with each other.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is analogous to school main office.
A vacuole is a small, round body structure that contains water and is found inside a cell or organ. It is the smallest structure in an organ and is surrounded by a wall of ice and snow. The word "vacuole" is a word from the meaning of water and ice.	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is analogous to cabinets.
Cytoplasm is like a school secretary. It is like a person's personal information. It is like what people know.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to school secretary.
Cytoplasm is the material that fills the cell's interior. The material is held together by a process called clumping.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to restaurant floor.
Cytoplasm is a material that is found inside cells. It is made up of pieces of cells' DNA and RNA. The pieces of tissue are analogy to a sandwich. The cytoplasm is made up of two parts: a part that is made of cells and pieces of their DNA and RNA and a part that is made of pieces of cells and pieces of their DNA and RNA.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is analogous to sandwich stuffing.
A website is a collection of data that is organized in a specific way. Chromosome is a list of spots on a website where each letter stands for a letter of the alphabet.	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is analogous to school website.
A cytosol is a liquid organelle in a cell that contains the genetic material that forms the cell's nucleus.	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is analogous to staff.
Cell is analogous to a factory because it is a place where products are made. In a factory, people work to make new products and then sell them to others who need them.	cell	Explain how cell is analogous to factory.
The analogy of vesicles to transportation facilities is that they are both systems that allow goods or people to be moved through a process of collection and delivery. In the case of vesicles, the cells are placed inside the material to be created and then the material is heated, which causes the cells to come together. In the case of transportation facilities, the vehicle is pushed or pulled along the ground using engines or muscles.	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is analogous to transportation facility.
The cell wall is analogous to the factory gate because it is a physical barrier that allows in only those things that the body needs to survive.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is analogous to factory gate.
A cell wall is a thin sheet of cells that work together to create a wall. The security guard is the person who is responsible for keeping the cell wall up and preventing the wall from breaking.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is analogous to security guard.
A restaurant is a place where food is served. The food is cooked on a stove and then served to customers.	cells	Explain how cells is analogous to restaurant.
Cell membrane is a thin sheet of oil that is associated with cells and proteins. It allows food and fluid to flow through it, and is which allows cells to communicate with each other.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to restaurant doors.
Window is an analogy that is used to explain how cell membrane is analogous to the window of a car. The window is the opening that is through which energy is in the form of light or information. The cell membrane is the other window that is through which information is in the form of information (or energy) and information can flow in or out of the cell.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to windows.
The skin is a series of thin sheets of cells that cover the inside of your body. The cell membrane is a layer of cells' membrane that is attached to the inside of the cell. The cell membrane helps the cell to move and store energy.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is analogous to skin.
Golgi body is analogous to front counter because it is an efficient way to move pieces of paper or other materials because it are easily moveable. Golgi body is also an efficient way to move pieces of paper or other materials because it is easily moveable for a player with a smooth surface.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is analogous to front counter.
Capacitance is a measure of how much current a device can carry before starting to heat up. Heat content is the amount of energy that is used to heat a material. The more heat content a material has, the more it will react to energy with heat.	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is analogous to heat content.
Electric current is analogous to water tank, in that it is a collection of electric current through a tank. This current is then used to power a device, such as a transformer to create more electric current in the tank, which can then power a device again.	electric current	Explain how electric current is analogous to water tank.
A staircase is analogous to a voltage, in that it is rising or falling (it is being increased in level).	voltage	Explain how voltage is analogous to climbing a staircase.
In football, players are typically divided into three or four teams, with each team's members specializing in a certain way. Each team's members communicate with one another by passing the ball up or down the field, and so specialization and communication are analogous. In a cell, players are typically divided into sub-groups, and each group is each its own individual's communication and specialization.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is analogous to football.
Kirchoff's voltage law is analogous to hiking because it is a law of motion. The law states that the force of gravity is equal to the speed of light.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is analogous to hiking.
A density wave is a type of communication network that uses waves to represent different levels of communication. When you pass through a density wave, you are at the bottom of the wave and when you come back up, you are at the top of the wave. This is analogous to the way that you pass through a traffic jam on a highway.	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is analogous to traffic jam on a highway.
Enzymes are like keyhole or opening and closing parts of a security system. The role of an enzyme in the system is to prevent or fix a problem.	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is analogous to key hole.
The human active memory system is analogous to the computer's active memory. The purpose of the computer's active memory is to store memories of past events; the purpose of the human memory system is to store memories of present events. The two systems are are similar because they are based on the process of storing information in memory.	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is analogous to computer.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers. The post office delivers the stamps to the customer's door, and the customer can pick them up and return them to the post office at a fraction of the cost of buying them at the post office.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to the slowest moving car in traffic. The car is trying to keep up with the fast moving pack of cars in the traffic jam, but it can only do it for a short while and then falls off the track.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is analogous to slowest moving car in traffic.
Column chromatography is a way to separate chemicals using particles called "columns." Wasps and bees both use column chromatography to separate chemicals.	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is analogous to separating bees and wasps.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is analogous to two jugglers in the sense that the movement of molecules is unpredictable and the competition for resources is resource-intensive.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is analogous to two jugglers.
A storage bag is a type of bag that is used to protect objects from smell and smell of food. A vacuum bag is used to protect objects from light and from water.	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is analogous to storage bags.
A transport vesicle is a piece of cells and software that helps and orA delivery truck is a piece of metal and wheels that carry goods.	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is analogous to delivery truck.
Proto-oncogenes are analogous to the car accelerator in this respect. They are responsible for energy production and are responsible for moving energy in the cell.	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is analogous to car accelerator.
Oncogenes are similar to car accelerator stuck in down position. They are small, white, and red molecules that help control the growth of oncogenes are a type of oncogene.	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is analogous to car accelerator stuck in down position.
Tumor suppressor genes are analogous to car brakes, which are used to control the speed of the car. This analogy is because tumor suppressor genes are used to prevent the growth of tumor cells in the body, which can lead to cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is analogous to car brakes.
Jenga is atower game that is typically played with pieces that are then used to releasea roof over someone else's head. software is a piece of software that is used to control a set of processes or features within a computer system. It is similar to a jenga piece in that each piece has a specific purpose and is used to support a specific layout.	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is analogous to jenga.
Rhinoceros are a species of animal that is often considered a model of the species, resonance hybrid, which is a hybrid of the rhinoceros and elephant. The two types of hybrid are called resonance animals or, more generally, resonance animals. Resonance animals are created when a large number of animals are combined to create a new type of animal. The two types of resonance animals are the elephant and the rhinoceros. The elephant is the type that is used to represent the natural world and the elephant is the type of animal that is used to represent the human body.	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is analogous to rhinoceros.
A wave model is similar to a firefly in a dark room because they are both based on the behavior of water waves. The difference is that a firefly is a more complex product of waves, while a wave model is a simpler product of just position-time waves.	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is analogous to firefly in a dark room.
A electroencephalographic study is an electrical and magnetic field study of the brain. listening to a game can be compared to when you are playing the game. The difference is that when you are playing the game, you are getting the game's audio and visual elements of the experience in your brain. This is done by using a brain machine, like an EEG, to measure the brain's electrical and magnetic field properties.	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is analogous to listening to a game.
A photocopier is a machine that copies the writing on a document. Dna replication is a machine that copies the genetic code, which is the code that makes up a document.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is analogous to photocopier machine.
Dna replication is similar to book printing in that a copy of a file is created that includes the file's content and size. The goal is to maintain a consistent size and content of files because this helps with efficiency and accuracy.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is analogous to book printing.
RNA transcription is the process of translating the genetic instructions of a gene into an output file that can be used to create new copies of that gene. Language translation is the process of creating new words or phrases from a word or phrase in a language.	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is analogous to language translation.
Protein translation is analogous to language translation in that they are both efforts to understand and understand something in order to produce something that can be understood.	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is analogous to language translation.
Ecosystems are typically composed of multiple interconnected ecosystems, which are in turn composed of and affecting multiple elements of society. In the context of cities, ecosystems are composed of infrastructure, which is the means by which people can enter and leave the city, and goods and services that are available in the city. Cities are also composed of an increase in an element of ecosystem, such as in the case of the city's infrastructure, which is the means by which people can enter and leave the city. In this analogy, ecosystem is similar to the city, in that it is a means by which people can enter and leave the city.	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is analogous to cities.
 propagation of an action potential down a neuron is analogous to falling dominoes. When someone feels a strong action potential down their neuron, they are going to be more likely to feel more action potential in their neurons in the future. This is because the dominoes that we see on the screen are actually action potentials that have been propagated down our neurons.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is analogous to falling dominoes.
Frogs use their breathing mechanism to inflate their balloon and then blow it back and forth across their body. The balloon is then pulled taut by a breathing tube that enters through the top of the balloon and goes down into the water.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is analogous to blowing of the balloon.
Layers are analogous to communication with translators. A layer is created when a new text is created and is below the text area in which we are viewing information. The layer is created by a program that creates a new text area and beneath the layer is a set of instructions for the text editor. The text editor creates the text by editing the layer.	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is analogous to communication with translators.
The limiting reactant is the one that is causing the problem. The excess reactant is the one that is produced when the limiting reactant is used.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is analogous to chocolate distribution.
Eukaryotic cells are the most common type of cell in the body. They are used to have presence and some other type of organization.	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is analogous to working office.
A prokaryotic cell is similar to a self started business because it is a business that is started from within. In a self started business, the business is started from within the individual herself or he has started it from. In prokaryotic cells, the process of creation and development is faster, so there is more potential for success. Prokaryotic cells can be divided into two groups: those that have been formed by the action of an oncogenes and those that have been formed by the action of a oncogenase. Oncogenes are code that control the growth of cells, and oncogenase is responsible for removing the code and removing the cancerous cells.	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is analogous to self started business.
The operating system kernel is analogous to the library of a college. The library contains resources that are needed by the operating system and its clients. The clients in turn need resources to keep their applications running.	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is analogous to college library.
A cup of coffee granules is a small, uniform number of granules per cup, and can be prepared in a variety of shapes and sizes. They are limited only by the size of their container and the techniques used to store the granules. Reactant is a different kind of granule, one that can be shaped,sized, and stored in techniques that allow for a wide variety of shapes and sizes.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is analogous to a cup of coffee granules.
A reactant is a fuel or air mixture that allows the engine to run, but cannot run permanently because it will run out of fuel or air.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is analogous to engine.
A helicase is a type of DNA-binding protein that interact with and remove the N-terminal helical ends of DNA, while a zip is a type of genetic code code that is processed by the helicase.	helicase	Explain how helicase is analogous to zipper zip.
A dna replication binding protein is similar to a person holding two strips of magnet. The person has their hands open like how they hold the strips of magnet. The hands are holding two different types of magnet which are their hands.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is analogous to hands holding open two strips of magnet.
Ligase is a molecule that helps to form DNA. When the DNA is heated, it breaks down into its component lignans and polysaccharides. The polysaccharides are then replaced by glucose. This process is similar to the way in which the sewing machine uses thread to create stitches. Ligase helps to create a connection between the carbon atoms of the lignans and polysaccharides, which then provides a force that helps to thread the thread.	ligase	Explain how ligase is analogous to sewing machine.
A process control block is analogous to an inode. A process control block is a block of code that oversees the operations that are required to maintain the state of the computer system. These blocks are responsible for, for example, setting up and managing the resources that are used to maintain the state, reading and writing to the state, and removing or adding entries to the state.	process control block	Explain how process control block is analogous to inode.
A message is simply a sequence of characters, most of which are represented by the character "!" ( ! ). The next character is the one that is substituted for the "!" character, and this sequence is called the message. Message encoding is the process of transforming a message into a form that can be read by other people.	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is analogous to speaking.
In a lock and key system, the key is used to open the door or door handle. The door or door handle is used to hold the key in place. When the key is inserted into the door or door handle, it is released and needs to be inserted again into the door or door handle to open it. This process is analogous to the way drug interactions with the receptor sites work. The key is used to open the door or door handle, while the door or door handle is used to hold the key in place. The door or door handle is then used to release the key, which need to be inserted into the door or door handle to open it.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to lock and key.
In foot fitting, the foot is put in a new place to try to improve fit. When the foot is in the new place, the user is trying to improve the fit of the foot by moving the foot around. The better the fit, the more the user spends on repairs.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is analogous to foot fitting in footprint.
Monitor is analogous to human face because they are responsible for making decisions, communicating, and interacting with others.	monitor	Explain how monitor is analogous to human face.
A cpu is a computer system that runs a set of instructions, which allows the computer to do work on the data it stores. A brain is a system that can think, feel, and think big picture.	cpu	Explain how cpu is analogous to brain.
A motherboard is a collection of instructions that a computer uses to perform its operations. The instructions are used to create the data structures that the computer uses to run. A skeleton is a collection of muscle cells that help power the computer. The muscle cells are connected to the nervous cells to create an effect that is like a machine. The computer uses the muscles to move data around and make decisions. The motherboard is the collection of instructions that create the data structures that the computer uses to run. The computer's skeleton is the collection of muscle cells that help power the computer.	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is analogous to skeleton.
Ram is analogous to pre-frontal lobe in that it is the smallest brain region in the brain. It is responsible for understanding and making decisions about reality.	ram	Explain how ram is analogous to pre-frontal lobe.
A power supply unit is analogous to energy. It is a source of power for a device or equipment. The power supply unit provides the power to a device or equipment.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is analogous to energy.
A keyboard is a tool that can be used to input information into a computer.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is analogous to hands.
The sense of touch is analogous to the sense of sight. The sense of mouse is analogous to the sense of sound. The sense of mouse is analogous to the sense of motion. The sense of mouse is analogous to the sense of movement in time.	mouse	Explain how mouse is analogous to senses.
Ear is like a small, round object that has a hearing aid in it. Audio card is like a small, round object with a speaker in it. Both are used to hear and hear things.	audio card	Explain how audio card is analogous to ear.
A video card is like an eye, it helps the computer see the video content in front of it.	video card	Explain how video card is analogous to eye.
Coral are created when a ocean is heated and become a tree.	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is analogous to coral's age calculation.
A roller coaster is a type of ride that uses a constantly moving belt of air or gas, called a coaster car, that provides a force on the side of the ride that allows objects to be pulled up and out of the way as the ride moves. The objects pulled up the ride can be of any type and in any order, depending on what order they are pulled down.	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is analogous to roller coaster.
Anti-stokes scattering is the process of scattered scattering of light that is due to the scattering of light by an object with an anti-vacancy surface. This scattering is due to the fact that the surface of an object has two different types of quantum state: the stokes state and the anti-stokes state. The amount of anti-stokes scattering will depend on the concentration of the stokes state in the object, as well as the distance from the anti-vacancy surface.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate.
When a ball is hit with a stoke, it scatter-shares the stokes with other balls in the area. This creates a force that is applied to the plate, which makes it move.	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is analogous to ball striking a plate.
The median lethal dose is the most common measure of how much harm a person experiences from a single exposure to a hazardous material. The measure is calculated by taking the lower of the exposure's lethal dose or the body's natural death rate. This is then multiplied by 100 to create the total safe dose.	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is analogous to balls and target.
A balloon is a small, round, air-filled ball that has been used in traditional Chinese medicine as a form of treatment for a sick person. The universe is like a balloon, too: it is constantly growing and expands when room is given to its weight. When you push on the universe, it takes on a new shape, as if there is a balloon inside of a balloon. The space inside the universe is filled with energy, kind of like a balloon but much larger. This energy is like a force that pulls and pushes people and things from where they are supposed to be.	universe	Explain how universe is analogous to surface of a balloon.
Enzyme mechanism is analogous to a lock and key. A lock is a security system that prevents unauthorized access to a location. A key is a tool used to open the lock.	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is analogous to lock and key.
Anova is similar to finding a signal in the noise. In Anova, data is combined with a dataressor, then the combination of all of the dataunits is stored in the data store. The result is a new set of data, each of which is called abit-by-bit. This process of data storage and processing is called processing, and it is the process that produces the data for the next screen in the screener.	anova	Explain how anova is analogous to finding signal in the noise.
A thermostat is a device that controls the temperature in a home or office, typically using a switch to turn the temperature up or down. The temperature can be temperature controlled up or down to ensure a comfortable temperature. The hypothalamus is the place in the body that controls the temperature. When the temperature gets too high, the brain can get tired and the body will start to freeze up, which can lead to a fall in temperature. When the temperature gets too low, the body can get cold and can lead to colds.	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is analogous to hypothalamus.
Water level in a dam and lake is analogous to the number of water molecules in a chemical equilibrium. Water in a dam and lake is a waste product of the chemical reaction that makes up the dam and lake. The number of water molecules in the water solution is the number of water molecules in the chemical equilibrium.	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is analogous to water level in dam and lake.
Just-in-time is similar to water and rocks because it is a method of producing information quickly and efficiently. Just-in-time produces and manages resources quickly and efficiently, is less time consuming, and fewer resources are needed in the meantime.	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is analogous to water and rocks.
Adaptive immunity is a type of immunity that is adapted to the individual. This means that it is able to fight and protect itself by adapting to the situation and the target.	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is analogous to police headquerters.
Ohm's law is analogous to cats, mice and cake. Cats are powered by their own power and emotions, while mice are powered by their own power and emotions. Ohm's law is a mathematical law that states that the difference in power between two points will be equal.	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is analogous to cats, mice and cake.
When a text is copied, the text is cut out of the original and pasted into the text.	transcription	Explain how transcription is analogous to photocopying.
A rna polymerase is like a genetic code machine, while a xerox machine is like a printing press. They are both used to create code, or genetic instructions, which are then processed and executed in a computer. Both the rna polymerase and the xerox machine are used to create and process DNA, though.	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is analogous to xerox machine.
A ribosome is a collection of genetic instructions that are organized in a gene's "script." The genetic instructions for a gene are located within the sequence of DNA that makes up the gene. The genetic instructions for a particular gene are then processed by the body's cells, which turn the DNA into the gene.	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is analogous to cook.
A activator protein is a protein that helps a cell contract to the cell's environment. This is often done at the level of the cell's DNA or by the cell's DNA in order to make it more likely the cell will be able to grow.	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is analogous to bookmarks.
Electric circuits are analogous to air flows in tubes. The two elements in a tube are air and electric, and we can see that each has a movement and a勝動的作用的形式。The movement of electric circuits isopposed to the movement of air circuits, because air has a certain speed while electric circuits have a certain speed. Electric circuits are moving while air circuits are not.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is analogous to air flowing through a tube.
Electric circuits are analogous to ropes through metal rings in that they are both used to power devices and to connect different parts of a device together.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is analogous to rope through metal rings.
The hydrophobic effect is similar to how teenagers at a party are at a party. They are excited and have fun, but they are also scared.	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is analogous to teenagers at a party.
In animals, threat communication is used to avoid danger. It includes activities that may lead to danger, such as lying down, eating something dangerous, or staying still. biological signal transduction is the process of creating and sending a signal that asks an animal to respond to a threat. The threat is created or updated by a person, company, or organization.	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is analogous to threat communication in animals.
