Nadh is like a courier service. It is a service that allows people to send and receive information and files. It is a service that is easy to use and that can be used by people who are not familiar with it.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like courier service.
Nadh is like a necessity in daily life. It is a need that is necessary for the body to function and for the mind to connect with the outside world. It is a need that is necessary for the individual to maintain their mental and physical health.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like things that are necessary in daily life.
A protein is like a corporate hub. When proteins are in close proximity, they can share a few contacts with each other, allowing the function of the protein to be controlled. This is why proteins are important inassiks in plants, as they can control the growth of cells.	proteins	Explain how proteins is like corporate hub.
A protein is like a citizen. A protein helps us to do things like eat, drink and be alive.	proteins	Explain how proteins is like citizens.
Dna is like a hard disk of a computer because it is made of proteins and DNA. DNA is a long, white, and thin piece of DNA that lives in the center of the disk that is a computer. The disk is filled with DNA and is used to store data for the computer.	dna	Explain how dna is like hard disk of a computer.
Dna is like city files. It is a type of data that is used to track who you are, what you do, and where you have been. Dna is also used to create profiles of you, the people you know, and the businesses you visit.	dna	Explain how dna is like city files.
Dna is like a machine that instructions are written in. Dna is a type of genetic code and it is written in a specific way. Instructions take the Dna and make it work.	dna	Explain how dna is like manufacturing instructions.
Dna is like a book. It is big and white and has a lot of date lines on it.	dna	Explain how dna is like book.
Glycogen is like rechargeable batteries. When glycogen is used, it is recharged by the process of eating food. When glycogen is used frequently, it can be recharged by the process of eating food and drinking water.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like rechargeable batteries.
Glycogen is like supermarkets because it is a source of energy for animals and people. It is a type of energy that people need to keep them healthy and alive.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like supermarkets.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like a office of chiefs of different departments. It is where the cells of the body are kept and where the cells that make up the body's cells interact.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like offices of chiefs of different departments.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a space in the cells' cytoplasm that consists of the cell's endoplasm and the cell's membrane. The ER is home to many cells' proteins and lipids, and is where the cell's DNA and RNA are made. when the cell dies, the ER is drained of its contents, which are then stored in the cytoplasm.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like classroom.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a spacey-looking blob at the bottom of the cell. It's filled with cells, and your fingers can touch it up to see what's inside. ER is filled with cells and can be moved around by the body's muscles. When it's needed, it pops out of the cell and onto the floor or dishwasher.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like restaurant kitchen.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a spacey-iative organ located at the top of the cell that includes the cytoplasm and the ER. The ER is home to the ER-1 protein, which is responsible for the body's energy supply. The ER is also home to the ER-2 protein, which is responsible for the body's energy uptake. The ER is thought to be a "spider's web" of interconnected cells that are each responsible for a small amount of energy production.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like industry.
Golgi is an office where people are working in the municipal government.	golgi	Explain how golgi is like offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
A plasma membrane is like the edge of the city. It is the thin sheet of material that covers the inside surface of cells and tissues. The name comes from the thin sheet's ability to come and go as needed, as well as from the fact that it does not have a strong physical connection to the surrounding cell material.	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is like edge of the city.
Lysosome is like a police station. It is a place where cells are placed so that they can only be used for creating new cells.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like police station.
Lysosome is like a box with a lot of space inside it. The top has a lot of proteins inside it and the bottom has a lot of organic molecules. The organic molecules can be used to make new proteins or to make new cells.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like hospital.
Lysosome is like garbage disposal because it is where the lysosome is located. It is responsible for recycling and processing waste material.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like garbage disposal.
Lysosome is like an incenerator. It is a type of battery that helps to create energy in plants.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like incenerator.
Lysosome is like a stomach because it contains the lysing enzyme, lysine, which can be used to create proteins and lipids. The lysosome is responsible for taking the lysing enzyme, lysine, and transforming it into a lysin enzyme. The lysin then travels through the stomach and small intestine and is used to create other proteins and lipids.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like stomach.
Peroxisomes are like a garbage truck that takes garbage from the inside out. One peroxisomal enzymeiggerifies into multiple oxygen-carrying proteins and is then delivered to the target object by way of the peroxisome.	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is like garbage delivery system.
Mitochondria are like restaurants, they have a process that starts with the creation of energy and then the process of respiration, and then it has everything that goes into making a functioning restaurant. The energy that is used to create and operate a restaurant is made up of electrons that have been recycled a few times. The energy is used to create everything from power to doors and windows to make it work. The process of respiration is what starts with the creation of air and carbon dioxide. respiration takes energy and creates things like carbon dioxide and water. respiration and metabolism are what create our body's energy.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like restaurants.
Mitochondria are like electric stations. They are always on, and have a lot of energy.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like electric station.
Mitochondria are like burger drawers, they are where the energy for the cells in your body is stored.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like burger drawers.
Mitochondria are like a power plant. They are where the energy is created and used to produce goods.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like power plant.
Chloroplast is like a factory that creates new cells. It produces energy by breaking down and releasing energy into the environment.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like food production factory.
Chloroplast is like a solar energy plant. It is a type of energy that is used to produce energy from things like food and plant cells. Chloroplast is created when sunlight touches the plant cell. It is then used to produce energy to power devices like engines or motors.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar energy plants.
Chloroplast is like a part of the kitchen where things like flowers and plants are kept. It is where things like plants and flowers are grown.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like kitchen.
Chloroplast is like a solar panel. It is a type of cell that helps produce energy from the energy that is used to power the body.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar panels.
A cytoskeleton is a layer of cells and proteins that connects them like a web. It helps controlling cells move around your body. When there is a lot of cytoskeleton, the cells are in close proximity and can move together more easily.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like street.
A cytoskeleton is a long, thin layer of protein and DNA that connects two cells' glycoproteins. The cytoskeleton is important in how cells connect and connect new cells to the body.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like metal framework.
Atp is like ready to eat food, it is a food that is made from plant based ingredients.	atp	Explain how atp is like ready to eat food.
Atp is like a battery, it is charged when you put it in the fridge. When it gets cold outside, the atp starts to decline and the battery will be at its last warning level.	atp	Explain how atp is like charged battery.
Atp is like money, it is a way of exchanging money for goods and services. Atp is created as a result of the process of banking. Banking is the process of creating and managing money.	atp	Explain how atp is like money.
Nadph is like a bus. It is a type of bus that takes people to and from the office.	nadph	Explain how nadph is like bus.
Peroxysome is like street cleaners. It is a large, cylindrical object that is used to extract nutrients from cells. It is used by using a knife that is stuck into the cell wall. The knife is then pulled out by pulling on the cell wall.	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is like street cleaners.
Mytochondria is like a computer with a power point presentation. Mytochondria is made up of cells that are about the size of a credit card.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is like power point.
Electric forces is like a comb. A paper has electric forces because when you touch it, the electric fields are created. The pieces of paper have electric forces because when you touch them, the electric fields are created.	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is like comb and pieces of paper.
The electron's orbital is like an atmosphere: it is high in air pressure and has a small area. The electron is located near the Earth's surface, in the very top of the atmosphere. The atmosphere is made of air molecules, which have an electronic energy level and act as barriers between the electron and other molecules. The electron's orbital is very small, so it can easily escape.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is like earth’s atmosphere.
The first line of defense in the body is like a police station. You are sitting in a police station, and the police are looking for a person who is stealing a car. They will ask you to help them catch the thief.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is like police station.
The cells of the immune system are called macrophages. They are a important part of the immune system because they are able to fight infection and protect cells. When a person has a disease such as cancer, the cells with the disease will be macrophages.	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is like guards.
T-helper cells are like constables. They are always ready to help when called upon, and they do so in a way that is always beneficial to the team.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is like constables.
B-lymphocytes are like police inspectors. They are the cells that produce white blood cells, which are important for fighting off infection. They are also responsible for taking care of white blood cells in the body, so you can imagine how important they are.	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is like police inspector.
Cytotoxic t-lymphocytes are like a power. They can destroy cells by a process called cytotoxic T-lymphocyte therapy. T-lymphocytes are small, fast-moving cells that destroy other cells with a special protein called cytokines.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is like action force.
A colony of bacteria is created by the growth of a certain number. Sometimes, the growth is restricted to a certain part of the bacterial population, while other times the colony is created by the migration of a large part of the population. The process of invasion is the process of creating a new colony of bacteria in a person or object. The new colony is then used to create a new batch of bacteria in the object. The process of invasion is used to create a new country or planet.	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is like colonial invasion in a country.
Action potential is like an assembly line. It is a sequence of steps that are taking place in a manufacturing process. The steps are called "action" because they are taking place in an "action-packed" environment.	action potential	Explain how action potential is like assembly line.
The experiment of chromatography is like two cars taking a day trip. The first car is driving to the center of the earth, while the second car is driving away from the center of the earth. The first car takes a day trip to get to the center of the earth, and the second car takes a day trip to get to the center of the earth.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is like two cars taking a day trip.
A main-sequence star is a star that has been formed and is only required to exist for one year. Main-sequence stars can be in anywhere fromA to Z. A main-sequence star can be inA, B, A, or C. A main-sequence star can be inD, E, F, G, and so on.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is like how long a car can run.
A nucleus is like a school principal. It is a place where cells and elements can be combined to create a new object or molecule. Nuclei are often white, because they are the only part of a molecule that is constantly alive.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like school principal.
Nucleus is like the factory manager. It is the first thing that you see when you enter the factory. It is the largest and most complex of the three components that make up the factory. The nucleus is made of high-energy elements, and it is responsible for turning the factory into a successful place.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like factory manager.
A nucleus is like the manager of a restaurant. It is where the cells that make up the nucleus live and make decisions. The manager is responsible for ensuring that the cells in the nucleus are happy and healthy.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like restaurant manager.
Nucleus is like a brain. It is a collection of cells and tissues that work together to run the body. It is made up of cells that work together to create nerve cells, muscles, and other organs. The body's cells are like branches and they work together to make up the body.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like brain.
Nucleus is like a library. It is full of books, and is full of information. The nucleus is full of genetic information, and is full of energy. The nucleus is also full of proteins and DNA.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like library.
Ribosomes are like the "principles of and involved in chemical and physical reactions." They are where the code for a gene is located, and are responsible for translating code into reality for the body. When a ribosome is active, it helps to translate the code into reality for the body by taking the genetic code and translating it into other organisms. The ribosome is a small, white, amoeba-like particle that contains a small amount of code. When the ribosome is active, it takes the genetic code and translates it into other organisms.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like school vice-principal.
The body of a ribosome is like a burger cook. The body is made of black and white blood cells ( red blood cells ), white blood cells (                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like hamburger cook.
Ribosomes are like machines because they are full of instructions for how to perform their tasks. When you put them together, they are called a machine. They have a lot of switches and sensors in front of them, and they can carry out specific tasks by using those switches and sensors.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like machines.
Golgi apparatus is like a teacher. It is a set of tools that a teacher uses to make notes and provide guidance to their students. The golgi apparatus is made of metal and plastic and is made to be easy to use.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like teacher.
Golgi apparatus is like a container boxes. It has a top and bottom. The top is made of flexible plastic and the bottom is made of metal. It is made of plastic and metal for holding items.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like container boxes.
Lysosomes are like the "school janitor" because they are responsible for cleaning up the lysosomes.	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is like school janitor.
A nuclear envelope is like a school main office. It is where the managers of nuclear plants get their work done. The managers can work on projects and submit reports to the rest of the world. A nuclear envelope is also where the nuclear industry gets its projects done. The managers there can work on projects and submit reports to the rest of the world.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is like school main office.
A vacuole is like a cabinet, it is a part of the cell of cells in the body. It is a small, round object that is located in the inside surface of a cell.	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is like cabinets.
Cytoplasm is like a secretary in that it is white and has a few cells per it. It is made up of small pieces of cells that are surrounded by a thin white layer. When the cell divides, the white layer breaks and the cells from the different parts of the cell come together to make a whole.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like school secretary.
Cytoplasm is like a restaurant floor, it is big and white and has a lot of space on it.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like restaurant floor.
Cytoplasm is like a mixture of water, energy and proteins. It is a thin film of material that is surrounded by a wall of DNA.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like sandwich stuffing.
Chromosome is like a website, it is a collection of DNA letters that makes up a person's genetic makeup. Each letter on a chromosome is associated with a specific gene, and the order in which they are associated on a website is not always determined by the order of that letter.	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is like school website.
A cytosol is like a staff, except it is a part of a cell. It is made up of small, organized cells that are connected by a network of their own.	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is like staff.
A cell is like a factory. It is where the energy is created and used. This is done by using genetic editing to make new cells.	cell	Explain how cell is like factory.
A vesicle is a particle-based transportation facility that uses particles to travel through space or time. They are created when molecules are broken down into smaller particles and then placed in a substance such as blood. The speed and accuracy of vesicles travel through time and space is up to 10,000 times the speed of light.	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is like transportation facility.
The cell wall is like the factory gate thatricts the cells in the plant. The wall prevents the cells from mixing and causes the plant to work properly.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like factory gate.
A cell wall is like a security guard because it is responsible for keeping the cell phone alive and in good condition. It is important to make sure that the phone is alive and in good condition, because it is important to protect it from thieves and other threats.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like security guard.
A restaurant is like a body of water. It is full of things to eat and drink, and it is full of energy that supports each person's body in the here and now. In a restaurant, each person's body is constantly in contact with the other people's bodies' water. This creates a natural balance that is essential for keeping the restaurant healthy and functioning.	cells	Explain how cells is like restaurant.
Cell membrane is like the door of a restaurant. It is a thin sheet of lipids and proteins that is associated with and controls the flow of energy and nutrients within the cell. The membrane is important because it separates the cell from the outside environment and contains the cell's genetic material and other cells.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like restaurant doors.
The cell membrane is like a window that you open and let in all the cells. This is done by using a tool called a cation- exchanger. Cation- exchangers help combine and remove an excess of cations from the blood. This then allows the blood to be re-used for blood cells.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like windows.
The cell membrane is like a skin that covers the inside of cells. It is a place where energy is available that is used for communication between the cells. The cell membrane is also a place where proteins are used to hold onto the cells and to keep them from moving around.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like skin.
Golgi body is like front counter. It is made up of cells and tissues that allow the game of football to be played. It is large and body-like. The front counter is made up of smaller cells and tissues that attack the enemy's body.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is like front counter.
Capacitance is like heat content. It is a measure of how much energy is being delivered through the air every time a connection is made. This is done by measuring the capacitance of an conductor. The higher the capacitance, the more energy is being delivered to the connection every time it is made.	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is like heat content.
Electric current is like a tank. It is large and deep, and it can move a lot of energy.	electric current	Explain how electric current is like water tank.
When you step on the ground, you are pushing the battery to the back of your brain. The voltage between the battery and your brain is like a staircase: it can be raised or lowered as you move up the staircase. The more you push the battery into your brain, the higher the voltage becomes and the harder the staircase.	voltage	Explain how voltage is like climbing a staircase.
In football, players are typically divided into three types: the starting, second, and sub-starting players. Players who are not the starting player are called sub-players. The sub-players are then divided into teams and played against each other. The players on the starting player's team work together to create a play that will help the team as a whole. The players on the second player's team work together to create a play that will help the team as a whole. The players on the sub-player's team work together to create a play that will help only themselves.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is like football.
Kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking. You need to be aware of your surroundings, and use the information to your advantage.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking.
A density wave is a type of traffic jam on a highway. When you are in this type of traffic jam, you are trying to get through the traffic to get to your destination, but you can't because the traffic is blocking the way.	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is like traffic jam on a highway.
Eases access to other enzymes.	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is like key hole.
The human active memory system is like a computer. You can access memories through your thoughts, and you can store information in your mind. When you remember something, the human active memory system takes your thoughts and stores them in your memory.	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is like computer.
When you buy stamps at the post office, the line is determined by the rate the post office charges. The post office charges can be different for each customer, so it takes a little while to get a charge back. Once you get a charge back, you can start to use it to make your stamps.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is like a slow moving car in traffic. It is a step that is used to determine the speed of the reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like slowest moving car in traffic.
Column chromatography is like separating bees and wasps. It is a way to measure the levels of a compound in a sample by looking at the levels of a compound on the other side of the column.	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is like separating bees and wasps.
In chemical equilibrium, two jugglers work together to create a chemical reaction that will lead to the desired product. The two jugglers must work together quickly to create a reaction that will lead to the desired product.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is like two jugglers.
A vacuum bag is a bag made of cloth, paper, or plastic that is used to keep objects out of the air.	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is like storage bags.
A transport vesicle is like a delivery truck. It is a piece of material that is put into an environment to travel through, and it is surrounded by a thin film of fluid. The transport vesicles comes from the fact that it is constantly moving and getting closer to the environment it is delivered to.	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is like delivery truck.
A proto-oncogen is like the car's accelerator. It helps your body to grow and produce energy to produce new cells.	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is like car accelerator.
Oncogenes are like the car's accelerator. They are in down position because the car is trying to go fast.	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is like car accelerator stuck in down position.
Tumor suppressor genes are like car brakes. When you apply too much force to the brake, it can cause the car to stop the brake. The same is true when you apply too little force to the suppressor. When you apply too much force, it will cause the suppressor to protect the car.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is like car brakes.
A jenga is a type of game in which players build an up-and-down staircase or other type of structure in order to release an air or watery space. This is because jenga is a game that is difficult to control and can easily fall down.	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is like jenga.
Rhinoceros are a species of animal that are found in the Southern African region of South Africa. They are the world's longest land animals and can measure up to four minutes in length. Their skin is thick, and their horns are used to sell as traditional therapies.	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is like rhinoceros.
Wave mechanical model is like firefly in a dark room because it is a model of mechanical system that uses waves as its media. Waves are created and received through the medium of air. The wave model is used to model physical systems such as machines and people. The use of waves allows for different patterns to be implemented, such as a machine turning due to an input of energy, or a lightbulb on fire due to an input of light.	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is like firefly in a dark room.
Electroencephalogram is a measure of someone's electrical activity, and it can help to determine a person's mental health. When someone hears music, it can help to stimulate their brain, which can help them learn better.	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is like listening to a game.
A photocopier machine is like a copy machine. You make a copy of a document that you want to keep as a copy of that document in the future. You can use the copy machine to make a new copy of the document.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like photocopier machine.
Dna replication is like book printing. In book printing, sheets of paper are printed with the genetic code on them, which is then machine-printed onto more sheets of paper. This process can be done over the phone, or through a computer.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like book printing.
RNA transcription is the process of translating the genetic instructions of a gene into oncogenes, oncogenes in cells, oncogenes in organisms that will eventually produce oncogenes like cancer.	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is like language translation.
Protein translation is like a translation of a word or phrase into a other language. The process of translation is often called the "translation process." It is a physical or software process that is used to create a new language.	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is like language translation.
Ecosystem is like cities, it is an environment where different organisms interact and produce products. It is the sum total of all activities that create it.	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is like cities.
 propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like falling dominoes. The first step is to send a first step down the neuron's axon. This step is done by a drop of blood from the person's head to the neuron's surface. The step then is made by a step up the neuron from the side of the neuron so that the blood reaches the neuron's surface. The second step is done by a step down the neuron from the side of the neuron so that the blood reaches the neuron's surface. The step then is done by a step up the neuron from the top of the neuron so that the blood reaches the neuron's surface.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like falling dominoes.
Frogs breathe through their lungs through the nose and mouth. The frog's air flow through its lungs is controlled by a balloon. The balloon is filled with air and then blown around the frog. The air flow through the balloon is controlled by a pump and the balloon's air flow is drawn up into the frog's lungs. The balloon's air flow pulls the liquid air from the lungs into the frog's blood.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is like blowing of the balloon.
Layers are like layers of text on a computer. When you put text on a computer, it is put in a way that makes it visible to other computers. The same is true when you are communicating with a translator. The layer that you are putting text in is called the layer, and the layer is made up of the text, the translator, and the last layer, which is which text is converted into Spanish or French.	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is like communication with translators.
Reactant and excess reactant are like chocolate distributions. They are limited by how much they can react with, and how much they can overreact with.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is like chocolate distribution.
Eukaryotic cells are like working office chairs. They have acedia (a lack of hair), which is a lack of cells in the cell body. This is because the cells have the same number of positions (or tubes) as there were in the natural cell. This is why they are called "cellular office chairs."	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is like working office.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, everyday part of an organism. It are simple and have a simple function, but they are constantly under pressure and stress.	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is like self started business.
The operating system kernel is like a library. It contains all the code that is used to run the applications and the system. The system knows how to use the kernel because it is built on the operating system kernel.	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is like college library.
A cup of coffee granules is like a small, dark, and powdery lump that is the size of a grain of rice. It is a reactant and is limited in how much it can contain.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like a cup of coffee granules.
A reactant is a fuel or air mixture that can increase the performance of an engine by providing a higher level of power and ease of operation. Lining the fuel pan with air-fuel mixture mixers allows the driver to see the correct level of power and ease of use.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like engine.
A helicase is like a zip-top bag. It is a type of enzyme that helps form DNA double-strand breakages. When this happens, the enzyme,, or, helps close off the ends of the DNA double-strand breakages, which in turn, prevents the DNA from being transcribed.	helicase	Explain how helicase is like zipper zip.
Dna replication binding proteins are like hands holding open two strips of magnet. One hand is holding the magnet on one side of the body and the other hand is holding the strip of magnet on the other side of the body. The body's fingers and toes are holding the strip of magnet in place as the hands move it around.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is like hands holding open two strips of magnet.
Ligase is like a sewing machine because it is a part of the machine that helps the fabric be sewn together. It is a type of protein that is used to join two pieces of fabric together.	ligase	Explain how ligase is like sewing machine.
Inode is a block of data that is stored on a computer hard drive. It is used to store information between different applications. When and where it is needed is stored in the block. The process control block is a part of inode block. It is used to control the process that is going to run on the computer.	process control block	Explain how process control block is like inode.
Message encoding is like speaking, where the speaker, or encoding power, sets rules about how words can be expressed. These rules can be controlled by a computer program, which can understand the words and create text.	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is like speaking.
The drug's lock and key is the drug's ability to interact with a receptor site to produce an effect. The receptor site is the site where the drug feels the most effective. The site where the drug interaction occurs is usually on the receptor site's surface.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like lock and key.
When a drug is interacting with a receptor site, it is trying to find a way to enter the site that is compatible with the energy it is experiencing. The more sites it can interact with, the better the drug will work.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like foot fitting in footprint.
A monitor is like a human face, except that it is a computer screen. You look at the screen and are able to see things that are around you.	monitor	Explain how monitor is like human face.
A cpu is like a brain, it helps us understand complex tasks and operations.	cpu	Explain how cpu is like brain.
A motherboard is like a skeleton, which is the part of the computer that is responsible for storing the data that the computer will use to function. mbs usually contains all the data that the computer will need to function, except for the data from the operating system and the drivers. The operating system and drivers are usually stored in a company's "files" directory, which is where you find them when you start your computer.	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is like skeleton.
The ram is like the start of the brain. It is a long, white, amoeba-like object that lives in the center of the brain. It helps with communication and is responsible for providing food and milk for the brain.	ram	Explain how ram is like pre-frontal lobe.
A power supply unit is like a battery. It has a lead that is connected to the power supply and a wire that goes to the battery. The battery is then charged and it provides power to the unit.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is like energy.
A keyboard is like a hands-free environment that people can use to type or use to hold a computer.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is like hands.
A mouse is like a sense. It has a small camera that can see and interact with physical objects. These people have to have a lot of patience because the first time you have to interact with a mouse, it can take quite a while.	mouse	Explain how mouse is like senses.
Audio card is like a hearing aid for your computer. It helps you to access the computer's information and functions.	audio card	Explain how audio card is like ear.
A video card is like an eye, it helps the computer see the latest video footage and manage resources more efficiently.	video card	Explain how video card is like eye.
A coral's age calculation is like a tree's age calculation. A coral is younger than a tree because a coral was created when a tree was created. The coral's age is calculated by taking the Coral Age Score of a coral's data and subtracting 0.5 from that score.	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is like coral's age calculation.
Glycolysis is the process of creating new molecules and energy. It begins with the creation of glucose, a simple sugar molecule. Glucose is a simple molecule that is used to create new proteins and other molecules. The first step in glycolysis is the addition of a glucose molecule to the bottom of a reactor, where it is heated to about 50°C. This creates new molecules that are used to create new proteins and other molecules. The next step is the conversion of the glucose molecule into energy. This includes the creation of energy from carbon dioxide and water. The last step in glycolysis is the destruction of the glucose molecule, which is done in a furnace. This creates energy and the required muscle to do all of this.	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is like roller coaster.
The ball is hit by a train and creates a large scatter in the surface. The surface is then polished and the scatter is cleaned up. This process can be used to find the position of the ball.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
When a ball is hit with a stoke, it scatter from the surface of the plate. The stoke can come from the side, top, or bottom of the ball. The ball will then move around and try to find a new place to go.	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
A median lethal dose is a measure of how much harm is done to a person every day by a single dose of a drug or virus. The figure is based on the maximum daily dose of a drug or virus that can be delivered through the skin, air, or water for more than 1 day.	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is like balls and target.
The universe is a huge area of space, and is filled with universe. It is huge and complex, with objects and processes that have happened in every direction for eons. The universe is huge, and its area is vast.	universe	Explain how universe is like surface of a balloon.
Energetic energy is used to start the enzyme process. The energy is used to start the enzyme from the help of which it can produce energy. The help of the enzyme can then break down the protein into smaller molecules and particles. The break down of the protein can then result in the creation of energy. This energy can then be used to start the process again.	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is like lock and key.
Anova is a mathematical function that is used to find a specific solution to a problem. It is a series of steps that are used to try to find a new solution to a problem.	anova	Explain how anova is like finding signal in the noise.
A thermostat is like a hypothalamus because they control the body's temperature. The user has a control over the temperature in the home, and when the temperature gets too high, they can adjust the thermostat to control the temperature back to a more safe level.	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is like hypothalamus.
Water level in a dam and lake is like the balance of a chemical equation. In chemical equilibrium, the concentration of a substance in one place equals the concentration of that substance in another place. When two substances are combined in a way that makes up the chemical equilibrium equation, they are all concentrated in that place.	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is like water level in dam and lake.
Just-in-time is a term used in business and technology to describe the process of creating the order of events in a given time frame, and then managing to have a product or service available as soon as possible. Just-in-time management allows businesses to save time and money, as well as be more efficient in their operations.	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is like water and rocks.
Adaptive immunity is like a police officer. It is a group of cells that your body has in it that can take on different roles depending on the situation. When you have adaptive immunity, your body will help itself by creating these cells. This is a lot like how your body creates cells that can take on different roles depending on the situation. When you have adaptive immunity, your body will help itself by creating these cells.	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is like police headquerters.
Ohm's law is a mathematical law that states that the difference in resistances between two points is the sum of the resistances of the two points. It has been used to explain how energy behaves in objects like cake and mice.	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is like cats, mice and cake.
When you photocopy a document, the ink and paper are recycled back to the printer. The document is then cut into small pieces and printed as a letter.	transcription	Explain how transcription is like photocopying.
A rna polymerase is like a Xerox machine. It is a type of machine that helps to copy DNA.	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is like xerox machine.
A protein's mRNA is like a cook. It is a set of instructions that is used to create things like proteins and DNA. A protein's mRNA is always waiting to be used, because it is the source of energy for the protein. When there is an opportunity to use a protein's mRNA, the protein's brain fires up and it can make more protein.	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is like cook.
An activator protein is a protein that helps a cell grow large.	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is like bookmarks.
Electric circuits are like air flows through tubes. The air pressure inside the tube decides which current is forced through the tube, or air pressure in a tube. When the air pressure is right, current is forced through the tube, and when the air pressure is too high or low current is forced through the tube instead.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like air flowing through a tube.
Electric circuits are like ropes through metal rings, since every node in the network has a different potential (and so every electric current has a different value), and there is no "right" direction in the network (since any node can be turned on or off), they are all working on some sort of power line.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like rope through metal rings.
The hydrophobic effect is like teenagers at a party. They are are a lot of people, and they are all trying to get close to each other, but they are all trying to do it in a way that will not make others feel left out.	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is like teenagers at a party.
Biological signal transduction is like a threat communication in animals. In this situation, the body's cells send a signal to each other to create or to stop doing something.	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is like threat communication in animals.
