Nadh is similar to courier service in that it is a delivery service that uses a vehicle to transport items. However, nadh is unique in that it is a service that is specifically designed for the delivery of cannabis products.	nadh	How is nadh similar to courier service?
Nadh is similar to things that are necessary in daily life because it is a tool that can be used to improve one's life.	nadh	How is nadh similar to things that are necessary in daily life?
Proteins are similar to corporate hubs because they are important for the functioning of the body. Proteins are the building blocks of muscles, tissues, and organs. They are also important for the production of enzymes, hormones, and other proteins.	proteins	How is proteins similar to corporate hub?
Proteins are similar to citizens in that they are both essential for life. Proteins are also similar to citizens in that they have the ability to interact with other proteins to create complex structures.	proteins	How is proteins similar to citizens?
Dna is similar to a hard disk of a computer in that it stores data.	dna	How is dna similar to hard disk of a computer?
Dna is similar to city files in that it is a database of information about organisms. City files are a database of information about cities.	dna	How is dna similar to city files?
Both DNA and manufacturing instructions are written in a specific language that is understood by a specific group of people.	dna	How is dna similar to manufacturing instructions?
Dna is similar to a book in that it is a physical object that can be read and studied.	dna	How is dna similar to book?
Glycogen is similar to rechargeable batteries in that they both have a finite life and must be recharged. Glycogen also stores energy in the form of glucose, just like a battery stores energy in the form of electrons.	glycogen	How is glycogen similar to rechargeable batteries?
Glycogen is similar to supermarkets in that it is a source of energy that can be used to power the body.	glycogen	How is glycogen similar to supermarkets?
The endoplasmic reticulum is similar to offices of chiefs of different departments because it is a place where proteins are made.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum similar to offices of chiefs of different departments?
The endoplasmic reticulum is similar to a classroom in that it is a place where cells can gather and communicate.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum similar to classroom?
The endoplasmic reticulum is similar to a restaurant kitchen in that it is a place where food is prepared and stored.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum similar to restaurant kitchen?
The endoplasmic reticulum is similar to industry in that it is a place where cells produce and store energy.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum similar to industry?
Golgi is similar to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government because both are places where people come together to do their jobs.	golgi	How is golgi similar to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government?
The plasma membrane is similar to the edge of the city because it is a boundary between two different environments.	plasma membrane	How is plasma membrane similar to edge of the city?
Both are places where people go to get help.	lysosome	How is lysosome similar to police station?
Both lysosomes and hospitals are places where cells break down and recycle materials. Lysosomes are found in the cells of the body, while hospitals are places where people are treated.	lysosome	How is lysosome similar to hospital?
The lysosome is similar to a garbage disposal in that it is a organelle that helps break down and digest food.	lysosome	How is lysosome similar to garbage disposal?
The lysosome is similar to an incinerator in that it is a cellular organelle that breaks down large molecules into smaller ones.	lysosome	How is lysosome similar to incenerator?
The lysosome is similar to the stomach in that they are both organs in the digestive system that break down food. The lysosome is also similar to the stomach in that they are both organs that are located in the lower part of the body.	lysosome	How is lysosome similar to stomach?
The peroxisomes are similar to the garbage delivery system in that they are responsible for breaking down and disposing of harmful substances.	peroxisomes	How is peroxisomes similar to garbage delivery system?
Mitochondria are similar to restaurants in that they are both businesses that need to make money to stay open. Restaurants need to find new customers to keep their business going, while mitochondria need to find new ways to produce energy.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria similar to restaurants?
Mitochondria are similar to electric stations in that they produce energy for the body.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria similar to electric station?
Mitochondria are similar to burger drawers in that they are both used to store food. Burger drawers are used to store hamburgers, while mitochondria are used to store energy.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria similar to burger drawers?
Mitochondria are similar to power plant in that they are responsible for converting energy from food into usable forms.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria similar to power plant?
The chloroplast is similar to a food production factory in that it is responsible for the production of food. The chloroplast is similar to a food production factory in that it is responsible for the production of food.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast similar to food production factory?
Both chloroplast and solar energy plants use sunlight to create energy. Solar energy plants use solar panels to convert sunlight into electricity, while chloroplast use photosynthesis to turn sunlight into organic matter.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast similar to solar energy plants?
The chloroplast is similar to the kitchen in that it is a place where food is cooked.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast similar to kitchen?
Both chloroplasts and solar panels are photosynthesis devices. Solar panels convert sunlight into electricity, while chloroplasts use light energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into glucose and oxygen.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast similar to solar panels?
The cytoskeleton is similar to the street in that it is a network of tubes that help cells move around.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton similar to street?
The cytoskeleton is similar to metal frameworks in that it is a network of proteins that helps cells move and grow.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton similar to metal framework?
Atp is similar to ready to eat food in that it is prepped and packaged.	atp	How is atp similar to ready to eat food?
Atp is similar to a charged battery because they both have an electric current running through them.	atp	How is atp similar to charged battery?
Atp is similar to money in that it is a means of exchange for goods and services.	atp	How is atp similar to money?
Nadph is similar to bus in that they both transport large groups of people. Nadph also transports chemicals and other materials.	nadph	How is nadph similar to bus?
Both peroxysomes and street cleaners remove pollutants from the environment. Street cleaners use a variety of tools to clean the streets, while peroxysomes use enzymes to break down pollutants.	peroxysome	How is peroxysome similar to street cleaners?
Mytochondria is similar to power point in that it is a presentation program.	mytochondria	How is mytochondria similar to power point?
Electric forces are similar to comb and pieces of paper because they are all objects that have an electric charge.	electric forces	How is electric forces similar to comb and pieces of paper?
The electron in an atom's nucleus is in an orbital that is similar to the Earth's atmosphere.	hydrogen electron's orbital	How is hydrogen electron's orbital similar to earth’s atmosphere?
The first line of defense in the body is similar to a police station in that it is a place where people can go to get help if they need it.	first line of defense in the body	How is first line of defense in the body similar to police station?
Macrophages are similar to guards because they are responsible for patrolling the body and removing unwanted or harmful materials.	macrophages	How is macrophages similar to guards?
T-helper cells are similar to constables in that they are both law enforcement officers.	t-helper cells	How is t-helper cells similar to constables?
B-lymphocytes are similar to police inspectors in that they are responsible for the defense of the body against infection.	b-lymphocytes	How is b-lymphocytes similar to police inspector?
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are similar to action force in that they are cells that kill other cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	How is cytotoxic t-lymphocytes similar to action force?
Bacterias invade a country by entering through the air and water. Colonies invade a country by entering through the soil.	invasion of bacterias	How is invasion of bacterias similar to colonial invasion in a country?
Action potentials are similar to assembly lines in that they are a way to move materials through a process quickly.	action potential	How is action potential similar to assembly line?
Both experiments involve different objects being moved around and analyzed. In the chromatography experiment, the different chemicals are being moved around and analyzed. In the day trip experiment, the different cars are being moved around and analyzed.	experiment of chromatography	How is experiment of chromatography similar to two cars taking a day trip?
The main sequence lifetime of a star is similar to how long a car can run on a gasoline engine. The main sequence lifetime is the time it takes for a star to burn through its fuel supply and transition to a new stage of its life. A car can run on gasoline for a certain amount of time before it needs to be refueled. Similarly, a star will run out of fuel and transition to a new stage of its life when its main sequence lifetime is complete.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	How is main-sequence lifetimes of stars similar to how long a car can run?
The nucleus is similar to a school principal in that they are both responsible for the overall operation of a school. The nucleus is also responsible for the overall direction and management of the school's students and staff.	nucleus	How is nucleus similar to school principal?
The nucleus is similar to a factory manager in that they are in charge of a large group of workers. The factory manager is responsible for making sure that the workers are following the correct procedures and that the factory is running smoothly.	nucleus	How is nucleus similar to factory manager?
The nucleus is similar to a restaurant manager in that they are in charge of overseeing the day-to-day operations of a restaurant. They are responsible for hiring and firing employees, setting prices, and making sure that the restaurant is running smoothly.	nucleus	How is nucleus similar to restaurant manager?
The nucleus is similar to the brain in that it is a mass of cells that are responsible for controlling the body's activities. The brain is responsible for thinking, feeling, and controlling the body's movements.	nucleus	How is nucleus similar to brain?
Nucleus is similar to library in that they are both places where information is stored.	nucleus	How is nucleus similar to library?
Ribosomes are similar to school vice-principal in that they are responsible for the assembly of proteins from amino acids.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes similar to school vice-principal?
Ribosomes are similar to hamburger cook in that they are both proteins. Ribosomes are responsible for the assembly of proteins from amino acids.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes similar to hamburger cook?
Ribosomes are similar to machines in that they are both composed of molecules that work together to carry out a specific task. Ribosomes are also similar in that they are able to move around the cell and carry out their tasks.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes similar to machines?
The golgi apparatus is similar to a teacher in that they both help cells to communicate with each other.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus similar to teacher?
The golgi apparatus is similar to container boxes in that it is a structure in the cell that helps transport materials and proteins to and from the cell.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus similar to container boxes?
Lysosomes are similar to school janitors in that they are responsible for breaking down and removing waste products from cells.	lysosomes	How is lysosomes similar to school janitor?
The nuclear envelope is similar to the school main office in that it is a place where cells are separated from the outside world. The nuclear envelope is made up of a series of membranes that keep the cell from being damaged by the outside world.	nuclear envelope	How is nuclear envelope similar to school main office?
Both vacuoles and cabinets are similar in that they are both small, enclosed spaces in a cell. Vacuoles are similar to cabinets in that they are used for storage, but cabinets are also used for transportation.	vacuoles	How is vacuoles similar to cabinets?
Both are responsible for organizing and managing the activities of their respective groups.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm similar to school secretary?
Both cytoplasm and restaurant floor are similar in that they are both surfaces that are in contact with the outside world.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm similar to restaurant floor?
Cytoplasm is similar to sandwich stuffing in that it is a mixture of proteins, carbohydrates, and lipids.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm similar to sandwich stuffing?
Chromosomes are similar to school websites in that they are both organized around topics. Chromosomes also contain information about the genetic makeup of an organism.	chromosome	How is chromosome similar to school website?
Cytosol is similar to staff in that it is a cellular organelle. Cytosol is also similar to staff in that it is a component of the cell that contains the cell's nucleus.	cytosol	How is cytosol similar to staff?
A factory produces products by assembling parts from individual components. Cells produce products by assembling parts from individual molecules.	cell	How is cell similar to factory?
A transportation facility is a place where people can go to get from one place to another. Vesicles are similar to transportation facilities because they are used to transport things. Vesicles are also similar to transportation facilities because they are used to transport things inside the body.	vesicles	How is vesicles similar to transportation facility?
Cell walls are similar to factory gates in that they are used to control the flow of materials into and out of cells.	cell wall	How is cell wall similar to factory gate?
Cell wall is similar to security guard in that they both protect the inside of the cell from outside threats. Cell wall also helps cells to move and interact with their surroundings.	cell wall	How is cell wall similar to security guard?
Both cells and restaurants are businesses that make money by selling products or services. Cells make their money by dividing and growing, while restaurants make their money by cooking and serving food.	cells	How is cells similar to restaurant?
Cell membrane is similar to restaurant doors in that they are both barriers that protect the inside of the cell from the outside world.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane similar to restaurant doors?
Cell membrane is similar to windows in that they allow energy to enter and leave the cell.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane similar to windows?
Cell membrane is similar to skin in that it is a protective barrier that regulates the entry and exit of materials into and out of cells. Cell membrane also helps cells to communicate with each other.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane similar to skin?
The golgi body is similar to the front counter in that it is a structure in the cell that helps with the transfer of materials between cells.	golgi body	How is golgi body similar to front counter?
Capacitance is similar to heat content in that they are both measures of how much energy is stored in an object.	capacitance	How is capacitance similar to heat content?
Electric current is similar to water tank in that both are used to store energy.	electric current	How is electric current similar to water tank?
When you climb a staircase, your body is using energy to move up and down. Voltage is also a form of energy that is used by electrical systems. When you turn on a light switch, voltage is used to power the light.	voltage	How is voltage similar to climbing a staircase?
In football, players specialize in certain positions on the field. They communicate with each other to coordinate their movements.	specialization and communication in a cell	How is specialization and communication in a cell similar to football?
Kirchhoff's voltage law is similar to hiking in that both activities require a person to move from one point to another. Kirchhoff's voltage law is also similar to hiking in that both activities require a person to expend energy.	kirchoff's voltage law	How is kirchoff's voltage law similar to hiking?
A density wave is similar to a traffic jam on a highway in that the traffic is stationary and there is no flow.	nature of a density wave	How is nature of a density wave similar to traffic jam on a highway?
Enzymes are similar to keyholes because they are small, circular openings in the cell wall that allow molecules to enter and leave the cell. Enzymes are also similar in that they are proteins that catalyze chemical reactions in the body.	enzymes	How is enzymes similar to key hole?
The human active memory system is similar to a computer in that it can store and retrieve information. However, the human active memory system is much faster and more efficient than a computer.	human active memory system	How is human active memory system similar to computer?
The rate-determining step of a reaction is similar to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers. In both cases, the customers are waiting in line to purchase something that they need. The difference is that in the case of a reaction, the customers are waiting to purchase molecules of reactants that will combine to form a product. In the case of stamps, the customers are waiting to purchase pieces of paper that will be used to send a letter.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction similar to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers?
The rate-determining step of a reaction is similar to the slowest moving car in traffic. The slowest moving car in traffic is stuck in traffic because there is not enough space for everyone to move. The rate-determining step of a reaction is also stuck in traffic because there is not enough reactants or products to move.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction similar to slowest moving car in traffic?
Column chromatography is similar to separating bees and wasps in that the column is a porous material that allows the different compounds to move through it. The difference is that bees and wasps are small and move quickly through the column, while the compounds in column chromatography move more slowly.	column chromatography	How is column chromatography similar to separating bees and wasps?
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is similar to two jugglers because both are able to keep a large number of objects in the air for a short period of time.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	How is dynamic chemical equilibrium similar to two jugglers?
A vacuole is similar to a storage bag in that they are both used to store food. A vacuole is also similar to a storage bag in that they are both used to store water.	vacuole	How is vacuole similar to storage bags?
Both transport vesicles and delivery trucks are used to transport goods from one location to another. Transport vesicles are smaller and can move faster than delivery trucks.	transport vesicles	How is transport vesicles similar to delivery truck?
 proto-oncogenes and car accelerator are similar in that they are both substances that can cause cancer. proto-oncogenes are similar to car accelerator in that they are both substances that can cause cancer by causing cells to divide uncontrollably.	proto-oncogenes	How is proto-oncogenes similar to car accelerator?
Oncogenes are similar to car accelerator stuck in down position because they can cause cancer.	oncogenes	How is oncogenes similar to car accelerator stuck in down position?
Tumor suppressor genes are similar to car brakes in that they are important for preventing accidents. Tumor suppressor genes help to prevent the growth of tumors by stopping the cells from dividing too much.	tumor suppressor genes	How is tumor suppressor genes similar to car brakes?
Both brittle software and jenga are pieces of software that can be easily broken.	brittle software	How is brittle software similar to jenga?
Rhinoceros are similar to resonance hybrid in that they are both animals with a large nose. Rhinoceros have two nostrils on the front of their face, while resonance hybrid have one large nostril on the front of their face and two smaller nostrils on the sides of their face.	resonance hybrid	How is resonance hybrid similar to rhinoceros?
Wave mechanical model is similar to firefly in a dark room because both of them use light to navigate.	wave mechanical model	How is wave mechanical model similar to firefly in a dark room?
Both electroencephalogram and listening to a game involve receiving and processing information from the brain. Electroencephalogram recordings are taken from the surface of the brain, while listening to a game involves monitoring the activity of individual neurons in the brain.	electroencephalogram	How is electroencephalogram similar to listening to a game?
Dna replication is similar to photocopier machine in that both use light to copy a document. In a photocopier machine, light is shone on the original document and then reflected off the mirror onto the original document. The photocopier machine then copies the image onto a new piece of paper. In dna replication, the same process happens but with DNA. The DNA is first copied using a piece of DNA called a probe. The probe is then inserted into the cell that the DNA is to be copied into. The cell then uses the probe to copy the DNA.	dna replication	How is dna replication similar to photocopier machine?
Dna replication is similar to book printing in that both processes involve the use of ink and paper. In book printing, ink is spread onto paper and then the paper is pressed against a printing press. The ink is then transferred to the paper's surface and the process is repeated until the book is finished. In DNA replication, the same process happens but with DNA instead of ink. DNA is copied from one place to another using enzymes.	dna replication	How is dna replication similar to book printing?
Both rna transcription and language translation involve the conversion of a sequence of nucleotides into a sequence of amino acids. However, there are some important differences between the two processes. For example, rna transcription is a relatively simple process that is carried out by a single enzyme, while language translation is a more complex process that involves the use of multiple enzymes. Additionally, rna transcription is not limited to the translation of single genes, while language translation is typically limited to the translation of single words or phrases.	rna transcription	How is rna transcription similar to language translation?
Protein translation is similar to language translation in that both involve the translation of a written or spoken text into another language. However, there are some key differences between the two processes. For example, language translation is typically done by a human translator, while protein translation is typically done by a machine. Additionally, language translation is often done in a linear fashion, while protein translation is often done in a nonlinear fashion.	protein translation	How is protein translation similar to language translation?
Ecosystems are similar to cities in that they are both complex systems with many different parts. Cities are also similar in that they are places where people live and work.	ecosystem	How is ecosystem similar to cities?
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron is similar to falling dominoes. The dominoes fall in a straight line until they reach the ground, but the action potential travels down the neuron in a curved path. This is because the neuron has a negative charge at the tips of its dendrites, which makes it easier for the action potential to travel down the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	How is propagation of an action potential down a neuron similar to falling dominoes?
The breathing mechanism of frogs is similar to blowing of the balloon. The frog's lungs are located near its mouth and they use air to breathe.	breathing mechanism of frogs	How is breathing mechanism of frogs similar to blowing of the balloon?
Layered architecture is similar to communication with translators in that both involve a series of layers that work together to provide a service or function. In the case of layered architecture, the layers provide the structure and functionality for a system or application. In the case of communication, the layers provide the structure and functionality for messages that are sent between systems or applications.	layered architecture	How is layered architecture similar to communication with translators?
Limiting reactant and excess reactant are similar to chocolate distribution in that they are both used to control the rate of a chemical reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	How is limiting reactant and excess reactant similar to chocolate distribution?
Both eukaryotic cells and working offices are composed of many small, individual cells that work together to carry out a common task. Both cells are surrounded by a protective membrane, and both are capable of reproducing themselves.	eukaryotic cell	How is eukaryotic cell similar to working office?
Both prokaryotic cells and self-started businesses are composed of cells that are organized into a hierarchy. Both cells have a nucleus and DNA that contains the instructions for how the cell should function. Both cells use energy to carry out their functions. Finally, both cells are capable of reproducing themselves.	prokaryotic cell	How is prokaryotic cell similar to self started business?
Both the operating system kernel and a college library are important resources for the students and faculty. The kernel provides the basic functionality for the computer, while the library provides access to a wide variety of books and other materials.	operating systems kernel	How is operating systems kernel similar to college library?
Reactants are similar to coffee granules in that they are both small and have a lot of surface area. Reactants are also similar in that they are both able to react quickly and produce a reaction product.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant similar to a cup of coffee granules?
Reactants are similar to engines in that they are both necessary for chemical reactions to occur. Reactants are also similar in that they are both sources of energy that can be used to create products.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant similar to engine?
Both helicase and zipper zip are similar in that they are both mechanisms for moving material along a surface.	helicase	How is helicase similar to zipper zip?
The proteins that bind to DNA and help replicate it are similar to the proteins that hold open two strips of magnet.	dna replication binding proteins	How is dna replication binding proteins similar to hands holding open two strips of magnet?
Ligase is similar to a sewing machine in that it uses a thread to connect two pieces of fabric.	ligase	How is ligase similar to sewing machine?
Process control block is similar to inode in that they are both used to track information about files and directories. Inode is used to track the file's location on the disk, while process control block is used to track the file's status and execution.	process control block	How is process control block similar to inode?
Both message encoding and speaking involve the use of symbols to represent sounds. In spoken language, these symbols are called phonemes. In message encoding, these symbols are called codewords.	message encoding	How is message encoding similar to speaking?
Interaction between drugs and receptor sites is similar to how a lock and key work. Drugs bind to receptor sites and create a physical interaction that allows the drug to enter the cell and do its job.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites similar to lock and key?
Foot fitting is similar to drug interaction with receptor sites because both involve adjusting a person's footwear to fit their individual feet. In foot fitting, a professional uses a variety of tools to measure a person's feet and make recommendations on the best type of footwear for them. Similarly, drug interactions involve adjusting a person's dosage or drug therapy to match their individual receptor site needs.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites similar to foot fitting in footprint?
A monitor is similar to a human face in that it has features that allow it to be used for communication.	monitor	How is monitor similar to human face?
The CPU is similar to the brain in that they both use energy to process information.	cpu	How is cpu similar to brain?
A motherboard is similar to a skeleton in that it is a structural component of a computer system. A motherboard typically contains the majority of the system's components, such as the CPU, memory, and storage devices.	motherboard	How is motherboard similar to skeleton?
The pre-frontal lobe is responsible for higher-order cognitive functions such as planning, problem solving, and decision making. The ram is similar in that it is also responsible for higher-order cognitive functions, but it is also involved in emotional processing.	ram	How is ram similar to pre-frontal lobe?
Power supply unit is similar to energy in that they both provide power to devices.	power supply unit	How is power supply unit similar to energy?
The keyboard is similar to the hands in that they are both used to interact with the computer. The keyboard is also similar to the hands in that it is used to type information into the computer.	keyboard	How is keyboard similar to hands?
Mouse is similar to senses because they are all five senses.	mouse	How is mouse similar to senses?
Audio card is similar to ear in that they are both used to process sound. Audio cards are specifically designed to process and output audio signals, whereas ears are used to process and output sound waves.	audio card	How is audio card similar to ear?
Video card is similar to eye in that they are both organs that allow humans to see. Video card helps to process images that are displayed on a monitor, while the eye allows humans to see in all directions.	video card	How is video card similar to eye?
Tree's age calculation is similar to coral's age calculation in that both rely on the growth rate of the organism to calculate their age. Coral's age calculation uses the growth rate of the coral to calculate its age, while tree's age calculation uses the growth rate of the tree to calculate its age.	tree's age calculation	How is tree's age calculation similar to coral's age calculation?
Both glycolysis and a roller coaster are exciting and exhilarating experiences that can be enjoyed by people of all ages. Both activities involve a series of ups and downs, with the potential for a thrilling finish.	glycolysis	How is glycolysis similar to roller coaster?
The two processes are similar in that they involve the interaction of a particle with a surface. In ball striking, the particle is the ball and the surface is the plate. In anti-stokes scattering, the particle is the anti-stokes particle and the surface is the gas.	anti-stokes scattering	How is anti-stokes scattering similar to ball striking a plate?
Stokes scattering is similar to ball striking a plate because the energy is transferred from the ball to the plate.	stokes scattering	How is stokes scattering similar to ball striking a plate?
The median lethal dose is a measure of the amount of a substance that is needed to kill half of a population of a particular species. The balls and target analogy is that the median lethal dose is the point at which half of a population of a particular species will die after being exposed to a particular amount of a substance.	median lethal dose	How is median lethal dose similar to balls and target?
The universe is similar to the surface of a balloon in that it is a three-dimensional space. The universe is also similar to the surface of a balloon in that it is filled with gas and air.	universe	How is universe similar to surface of a balloon?
Enzyme mechanism is similar to lock and key because the enzyme binds to the substrate and changes the shape of the substrate so that it can no longer bind to the enzyme.	enzyme mechanism	How is enzyme mechanism similar to lock and key?
Anova is a statistical method used to compare the effects of two or more treatments on a population. It is similar to the process of finding signal in the noise, in that it is used to identify patterns in data that may be indicative of a hidden effect. However, anova is more specific in its search for patterns, and is also able to identify the magnitude of the effect(s) that is(are) present.	anova	How is anova similar to finding signal in the noise?
The thermostat is similar to the hypothalamus in that they both regulate body temperature. The thermostat is located in the brain and controls the body's temperature by changing the amount of energy that is used to keep the body warm. The hypothalamus is located in the brain and controls the body's hunger, thirst, and sex hormones.	thermostat	How is thermostat similar to hypothalamus?
Chemical equilibrium is similar to water level in a dam and a lake because both systems are controlled by the laws of physics. The water level in a dam is controlled by the height of the dam, while the water level in a lake is controlled by the amount of water in the lake.	chemical equilibrium	How is chemical equilibrium similar to water level in dam and lake?
Just-in-time is similar to water and rocks in that it is a resource that is necessary for many things in the world. Just-in-time is also similar to water and rocks in that it is a physical resource that can be used to produce things.	just-in-time	How is just-in-time similar to water and rocks?
Adaptive immunity is similar to police headquerters in that both are methods of defending oneself from pathogens. Police headquerters are used by law enforcement to disperse large groups of people who are potentially dangerous. Adaptive immunity works similarly by recognizing and attacking specific pathogens that could cause harm to the body.	adaptive immunity	How is adaptive immunity similar to police headquerters?
Ohm's law is similar to cats, mice and cake in that it is a law of physics.	ohm's law	How is ohm's law similar to cats, mice and cake?
Transcription is similar to photocopying in that both processes involve making a copy of a document. In transcription, the copy is made from an audio or video recording. In photocopying, the copy is made from a physical document.	transcription	How is transcription similar to photocopying?
Both rna polymerase and xerox machines use heat and pressure to create copies of a template.	rna polymerase	How is rna polymerase similar to xerox machine?
Ribosomes are similar to cooks in that they are responsible for the chemical reactions that occur in cells. Ribosomes are also similar in that they are small, protein-based molecules.	ribosome	How is ribosome similar to cook?
Both activator protein and bookmarks are similar in that they are used to remember where you are in a document.	activator protein	How is activator protein similar to bookmarks?
Electric circuit is similar to air flowing through a tube in that electric current flows through the circuit. The difference is that electric current in a wire creates a magnetic field that can interact with other magnetic fields, such as those created by electric motors and other electrical devices.	electric circuit	How is electric circuit similar to air flowing through a tube?
Electric circuit is similar to rope through metal rings because electric current flows through the metal rings.	electric circuit	How is electric circuit similar to rope through metal rings?
Both hydrophobic and teenagers at a party are attracted to water. Hydrophobic substances are repelled by water, while teenagers at a party are attracted to each other and to water.	hydrophobic effect	How is hydrophobic effect similar to teenagers at a party?
Both biological signal transduction and threat communication involve the transmission of signals from one organism to another in order to elicit a response. In biological signal transduction, signals are sent between cells in the body in order to coordinate the activities of those cells. Threat communication, on the other hand, involves the transmission of signals between animals in order to establish and maintain social relationships.	biological signal transduction	How is biological signal transduction similar to threat communication in animals?
