Nadh is like courier service because it is a fast way to send items.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like courier service.
Nadh is like things that are necessary in daily life. It is a necessary part of Hinduism and Buddhism.	nadh	Explain how nadh is like things that are necessary in daily life.
Proteins are like corporate hubs because they are responsible for carrying out the instructions of a gene. Proteins are made up of amino acids, which are the building blocks of proteins. Proteins are responsible for carrying out the instructions of a gene, which is why they are so important in the body.	proteins	Explain how proteins is like corporate hub.
Proteins are like citizens because they have rights and responsibilities. Proteins have the right to be free from harm, and they have the responsibility to do their part in the body. Proteins also have the right to live, and they have the responsibility to help the body function.	proteins	Explain how proteins is like citizens.
Dna is like a hard disk of a computer. It stores information and can be accessed by the computer.	dna	Explain how dna is like hard disk of a computer.
Dna is like city files because it is a record of the genetic information of an organism.	dna	Explain how dna is like city files.
Dna is like manufacturing instructions because it is the blueprint for life.	dna	Explain how dna is like manufacturing instructions.
DNA is like a book because it is a sequence of nucleotides.	dna	Explain how dna is like book.
Glycogen is like rechargeable batteries in that it can be used multiple times before needing to be replaced. Glycogen is also like rechargeable batteries in that it can be stored in a battery for later use.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like rechargeable batteries.
Glycogen is like a supermarket because it is a source of energy that the body can use to power its activities.	glycogen	Explain how glycogen is like supermarkets.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like an office of chiefs of different departments. It is where the cell's proteins are made.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like offices of chiefs of different departments.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like a classroom because it is a place where cells learn and grow. The endoplasmic reticulum is like a classroom because it is a place where cells learn and grow.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like classroom.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like a restaurant kitchen because it is where proteins are made. Proteins are the building blocks of cells.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like restaurant kitchen.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like an industry because it is a place where cells produce and use energy.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain how endoplasmic reticulum is like industry.
Golgi is like an office because it is a place where people are working. Golgi is like a municipal government building because it is a place where people are working to help the government run smoothly.	golgi	Explain how golgi is like offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government.
The plasma membrane is like the edge of the city because it is the boundary between the inside of the cell and the outside world. It is also the boundary between different cells.	plasma membrane	Explain how plasma membrane is like edge of the city.
Lysosomes are like police stations because they are responsible for breaking down and recycling materials.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like police station.
The lysosome is like a hospital because it is a place where cells can break down their food.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like hospital.
The lysosome is like a garbage disposal because it is a organelle in the cell that helps break down and digest proteins and other molecules.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like garbage disposal.
The lysosome is like an incinerator because it is a organelle that breaks down food.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like incenerator.
The lysosome is like the stomach in that it is a organ in the body that helps to break down food. The lysosome is also like the stomach in that it is a place where waste products are stored.	lysosome	Explain how lysosome is like stomach.
The peroxisomes are like a garbage delivery system because they are responsible for breaking down the proteins and other molecules that the cells need to function.	peroxisomes	Explain how peroxisomes is like garbage delivery system.
Mitochondria are like restaurants because they are responsible for converting food into energy.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like restaurants.
Mitochondria are like electric stations because they produce energy for the body. Mitochondria are found in the cells of the body and they produce energy by breaking down food.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like electric station.
Mitochondria are like burger drawers because they are responsible for converting food into energy.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like burger drawers.
Mitochondria are like power plants because they produce energy for the body. Mitochondria are located in the cells of the body and they use energy from food to make ATP. ATP is a molecule that helps cells to do their jobs.	mitochondria	Explain how mitochondria is like power plant.
Chloroplast is like a food production factory because it is the organelle that produces energy for plants. Chloroplasts are made up of photosystems, which are light-sensitive proteins that convert light into chemical energy that plants can use to create glucose from carbon dioxide and water.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like food production factory.
Chloroplast is like solar energy plants in that it uses the sun's energy to create food for plants. Chloroplast is found in plants, and it helps the plant make food. Chloroplast also helps the plant make oxygen.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar energy plants.
The chloroplast is like the kitchen because it is where photosynthesis happens. Chloroplasts are like lightbulbs because they use light to make food.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like kitchen.
Chloroplasts are like solar panels because they convert light into energy. Chloroplasts are found in plants and they use sunlight to make food.	chloroplast	Explain how chloroplast is like solar panels.
Cytoskeleton is like a street because it is a network of tubes that help cells move around.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like street.
Cytoskeleton is like metal framework in that it is a structural element of cells that provides support and guidance for the cell's movements. The cytoskeleton is made up of a network of protein filaments that are arranged in a repeating pattern. The filaments are held together by peptide bonds and can move along the length of the network in response to the cell's needs.	cytoskeleton	Explain how cytoskeleton is like metal framework.
Atp is like ready to eat food because it is prepped and packaged.	atp	Explain how atp is like ready to eat food.
Atp is like a charged battery because it has a lot of energy.	atp	Explain how atp is like charged battery.
Atp is like money in that it is a means of exchange for goods and services.	atp	Explain how atp is like money.
Nadph is like bus in that it is a transportation method that can take people from one place to another. Nadph also has the ability to move large amounts of material quickly and efficiently.	nadph	Explain how nadph is like bus.
Peroxysomes are like street cleaners. They clean up the inside of cells by breaking down proteins and other molecules.	peroxysome	Explain how peroxysome is like street cleaners.
Mytochondria is like a power point presentation because it is organized and easy to follow.	mytochondria	Explain how mytochondria is like power point.
Electric forces is like comb and pieces of paper because they are all objects that have an electric charge.	electric forces	Explain how electric forces is like comb and pieces of paper.
The electron in an atom's nucleus is in an orbital around the nucleus. The electron in an atom's atmosphere is in an orbital around the atom's nucleus. The electron in an atom's nucleus is in an orbital around the atom's nucleus.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain how hydrogen electron's orbital is like earth’s atmosphere.
The first line of defense in the body is like a police station. It is responsible for protecting the body from outside threats.	first line of defense in the body	Explain how first line of defense in the body is like police station.
Macrophages are like guards because they are responsible for cleaning up and destroying any harmful or unwanted material that comes into contact with the body.	macrophages	Explain how macrophages is like guards.
T-helper cells are like constables in that they are responsible for patrolling the body's immune system. They help to identify and destroy any foreign invaders that may be trying to attack the body.	t-helper cells	Explain how t-helper cells is like constables.
B-lymphocytes are like police inspectors. They are responsible for patrolling the body and identifying and destroying any foreign objects that may be causing harm.	b-lymphocytes	Explain how b-lymphocytes is like police inspector.
Cytotoxic T-Lymphocytes are like action force because they are able to destroy cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain how cytotoxic t-lymphocytes is like action force.
Bacterias invade a country in the same way that a colony of ants invades a piece of land. The bacterias spread through the air and invade the body of a living creature, such as a human or a pet. Once the bacterias have invaded the body, they start to multiply and cause infection.	invasion of bacterias	Explain how invasion of bacterias is like colonial invasion in a country.
Action potential is like an assembly line because it is a sequence of events that are repeated.	action potential	Explain how action potential is like assembly line.
Experiment of chromatography is like two cars taking a day trip. Chromatography separates compounds according to their size. The larger compounds travel through the column faster than the smaller compounds. The smaller compounds end up at the bottom of the column, while the larger compounds travel up the column.	experiment of chromatography	Explain how experiment of chromatography is like two cars taking a day trip.
A car can run for a certain amount of time before it needs to be refueled. Similarly, a star can run for a certain amount of time before it runs out of fuel and dies.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain how main-sequence lifetimes of stars is like how long a car can run.
The nucleus is like the school principal because it is in charge of the school. It is responsible for making sure that the school is run smoothly and that all of the students are getting the education that they need. The nucleus is also responsible for making sure that the students are behaving and that they are following the school rules.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like school principal.
The nucleus is like a factory manager because it controls the production of the cell. It decides which genes to turn on and off, and how much energy to give them.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like factory manager.
The nucleus is like a restaurant manager because it oversees the overall operation of the cell. It coordinates the activities of the other cells and controls the flow of energy and materials within the cell.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like restaurant manager.
The nucleus is like the brain because it is the center of the cell. The nucleus is where the cell's DNA is stored. The nucleus also controls the cell's activities.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like brain.
Nucleus is like a library because it contains the genetic information of a plant or animal.	nucleus	Explain how nucleus is like library.
Ribosomes are like school vice-principal. They are responsible for making proteins. Proteins are the building blocks of cells.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like school vice-principal.
Ribosomes are like a hamburger cook. They are small and round, and they cook the proteins in the food.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like hamburger cook.
Ribosomes are like machines because they are able to carry out specific tasks. Ribosomes are able to bind to specific proteins and catalyze the chemical reactions that produce new proteins.	ribosomes	Explain how ribosomes is like machines.
The golgi apparatus is like a teacher because it helps cells to communicate with each other.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like teacher.
The golgi apparatus is like a series of container boxes that help cells move materials around. The cells use the golgi apparatus to move proteins and other materials around.	golgi apparatus	Explain how golgi apparatus is like container boxes.
Lysosomes are like school janitors because they clean up the messes made by other cells. Lysosomes are small sacs that contain enzymes that can break down complex molecules. This process is called lysosomal digestion.	lysosomes	Explain how lysosomes is like school janitor.
The nuclear envelope is like the school main office because it is where the nuclear reactions take place in the cell. It is a protective barrier that separates the nucleus from the rest of the cell.	nuclear envelope	Explain how nuclear envelope is like school main office.
Vacuoles are like cabinets because they are used to store food. Vacuoles are also used to store water.	vacuoles	Explain how vacuoles is like cabinets.
The cytoplasm of a cell is like the secretary of a school. She is responsible for keeping track of all the students and their assignments. She keeps a record of who is present and what they are doing. She also makes sure that everyone is following the rules.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like school secretary.
The cytoplasm of a cell is like the floor of a restaurant. It is the liquid part of the cell and contains the cell's DNA and other proteins.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like restaurant floor.
Cytoplasm is like sandwich stuffing because it is a mixture of proteins, lipids, and other molecules.	cytoplasm	Explain how cytoplasm is like sandwich stuffing.
A chromosome is like a school website. It is a collection of genetic information that is passed down from parents to their children. Chromosomes are organized into pairs, and each pair contains one copy of each gene.	chromosome	Explain how chromosome is like school website.
Cytosol is like staff because it is the part of the cell that contains the cell's nucleus and other organelles.	cytosol	Explain how cytosol is like staff.
Cell is like factory because it is a place where different types of cells are made.	cell	Explain how cell is like factory.
A vesicle is like a transportation facility. It is a small, closed container that can hold a liquid or a gas. Vesicles can move through the body or the environment by using a variety of mechanisms, including diffusion, convection, and osmosis. Vesicles can also transport substances from one part of the body to another.	vesicles	Explain how vesicles is like transportation facility.
Cell wall is like factory gate because it controls what comes in and out of the cell. It is made up of a series of tough, protein-based molecules that are tightly bound together. This barrier allows the cell to control the amount of nutrients and water that enter and leave it.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like factory gate.
Cell wall is like security guard because it protects the cell from outside invaders. Cell wall is made up of proteins and other materials that are tightly packed together. This makes it difficult for outside invaders to get through.	cell wall	Explain how cell wall is like security guard.
Cellular restaurants are like any other restaurant. They have menus, waiters, and customers. The difference is that the food in a cellular restaurant is made by cells.	cells	Explain how cells is like restaurant.
Cell membrane is like restaurant doors because it is a barrier that controls what goes in and out of the cell.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like restaurant doors.
Cell membrane is like windows because it allows the cell to exchange nutrients and water with the outside world.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like windows.
Cell membrane is like skin in that it is a protective barrier that regulates the entry and exit of materials into and out of cells. Cell membrane is made up of a number of lipid molecules, which are arranged in a bilayer. The lipid molecules are arranged in a series of concentric circles, with the outermost layer being the most hydrophobic and the inner layer being the most hydrophilic. This allows water to move easily through the membrane, but oil and other lipids to stay in the cell.	cell membrane	Explain how cell membrane is like skin.
The golgi body is like a front counter in that it is the first stop for proteins and other molecules that need to be transported through the cell.	golgi body	Explain how golgi body is like front counter.
Capacitance is like heat content because it is a measure of how much energy is stored in an object.	capacitance	Explain how capacitance is like heat content.
Electric current is like water tank in the sense that it can be used to power devices.	electric current	Explain how electric current is like water tank.
When you are climbing a staircase, your foot is always in contact with the step below it. This creates a voltage between your foot and the step below it. The voltage is always the same because the amount of pressure you are putting on the step is always the same.	voltage	Explain how voltage is like climbing a staircase.
In football, the players are specialized in their roles. They are able to communicate with each other to coordinate their movements on the field.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain how specialization and communication in a cell is like football.
Kirchhoff's voltage law is like hiking because both activities require a person to expend energy in order to move from one point to another. In hiking, the person must expend energy in order to hike up a hill, and in electrical circuits, the person must expend energy in order to create a voltage.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain how kirchoff's voltage law is like hiking.
A density wave is like a traffic jam on a highway. The cars are all bunched up together, and it is difficult to move forward.	nature of a density wave	Explain how nature of a density wave is like traffic jam on a highway.
Enzymes are like keyholes. They are small, but they can open up big doors. Enzymes are like keys because they can help us unlock the secrets of the world around us.	enzymes	Explain how enzymes is like key hole.
The human active memory system is like a computer in that it can store and retrieve information. The main difference is that the computer can only store information in digital form, while the human active memory system can also store information in analog form.	human active memory system	Explain how human active memory system is like computer.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is like buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers. In both cases, the process of buying stamps or reacting molecules is slow and tedious, because there is a lot of competition for limited resources. The rate-determining step is the process by which the rate of a reaction is determined. In the case of buying stamps, the rate-determining step is the process of choosing which stamp to buy. In the case of reacting molecules, the rate-determining step is the process of finding the right molecule to react with another molecule.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is like the slowest moving car in traffic. This is because the rate-determining step is the step in a reaction that determines how quickly the reaction will occur.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain how rate-determining step of a reaction is like slowest moving car in traffic.
Column chromatography is like separating bees and wasps because the columns are made of different materials and have different pore sizes. The bees will travel up the column because the pores are smaller than the wasps. The wasps will travel down the column because the pores are larger than the bees.	column chromatography	Explain how column chromatography is like separating bees and wasps.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like two jugglers. The jugglers are constantly exchanging energy, and as a result, the two jugglers are always in a state of dynamic equilibrium.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain how dynamic chemical equilibrium is like two jugglers.
Vacuoles are like storage bags in that they are used to store materials. Vacuoles are also used to transport materials around the cell.	vacuole	Explain how vacuole is like storage bags.
Transport vesicles are like delivery trucks in that they are able to transport cargo from one location to another. They are also similar in that they are able to move large objects quickly and efficiently.	transport vesicles	Explain how transport vesicles is like delivery truck.
Proto-oncogenes are like car accelerator. They help cells grow and divide more quickly. This can lead to cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Explain how proto-oncogenes is like car accelerator.
Oncogenes are like a car accelerator stuck in the "down" position. This means that the oncogene is not able to speed up the cell division process. This can lead to cancer.	oncogenes	Explain how oncogenes is like car accelerator stuck in down position.
Tumor suppressor genes are like car brakes. They are important for controlling the growth of tumors. When they are working properly, they stop the growth of tumors.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain how tumor suppressor genes is like car brakes.
Brittle software is like jenga. When you pull on a piece of jenga, it may seem stable, but if you pull too hard, it can easily fall apart. The same is true for brittle software. If you try to change or fix it too quickly, it may break.	brittle software	Explain how brittle software is like jenga.
Rhinoceros are a type of animal that are known for their large size and their horn. Resonance hybrid is also a type of animal that is large in size, but it does not have a horn. Resonance hybrid is also similar to rhinoceros in that it can create a loud noise by shaking its body. However, resonance hybrid is different from rhinoceros in that it can also create a loud noise by vibrating its horn.	resonance hybrid	Explain how resonance hybrid is like rhinoceros.
Wave mechanical model is like a firefly in a dark room because it is able to see in the dark.	wave mechanical model	Explain how wave mechanical model is like firefly in a dark room.
The electroencephalogram (EEG) is like listening to a game because it records the electrical activity of the brain. This activity can be used to understand how the brain is working.	electroencephalogram	Explain how electroencephalogram is like listening to a game.
Dna replication is like a photocopier machine in that both use light to copy a piece of paper. In a photocopier, light shines on the original document and is reflected back onto the copier drum. The light then hits the paper and is copied onto the new document.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like photocopier machine.
Dna replication is like book printing in that the DNA is copied from one molecule to another. In book printing, the text and images are copied from one piece of paper to another. In dna replication, the DNA is copied from one cell to another.	dna replication	Explain how dna replication is like book printing.
Rna transcription is like language translation in that the process of translating rna sequences into proteins is similar to the process of translating written language into speech. The first step in rna transcription is to identify the sequence of nucleotides that make up the rna molecule. This sequence is then used to create a template for the rna polymerase, a enzyme that copies the nucleotide sequence. The template is then used to create a new rna molecule.	rna transcription	Explain how rna transcription is like language translation.
Protein translation is like language translation in that both involve the transfer of information from one language to another. However, there are some key differences. For one, protein translation is much more complex than language translation. This is because proteins are composed of many different amino acids, and each amino acid has a specific function in the protein. Additionally, proteins are often folded into specific shapes, which affects how they are translated. Finally, proteins are often encoded in the genetic code, which makes them difficult to translate.	protein translation	Explain how protein translation is like language translation.
Ecosystems are like cities in that they are composed of many different types of organisms and their physical environment. Cities are also composed of many different types of buildings and their physical environment.	ecosystem	Explain how ecosystem is like cities.
The action potential propagates down a neuron like a falling dominoes. The first domino falls and causes the second domino to fall, and so on.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain how propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like falling dominoes.
The frog's breathing mechanism is very similar to the way a balloon is blown up. The frog's lungs are located near its mouth, and when the frog inhales, the air is forced into its lungs. The air is then forced out of the frog's mouth when it exhales.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain how breathing mechanism of frogs is like blowing of the balloon.
Layered architecture is like communication with translators because it allows different parts of the system to work together to create a final product.	layered architecture	Explain how layered architecture is like communication with translators.
Reactant and excess reactant are like chocolate distribution in that they are both limited. Reactant is limited by the amount of air that can be burned in a reaction, while excess reactant is limited by the amount of reactants that can be used in a reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain how limiting reactant and excess reactant is like chocolate distribution.
Eukaryotic cells are like working offices because they have a centralized control center, a nucleus, and organelles. The central control center is the nucleus, which contains the genetic material of the cell. The organelles are the cells' specialized parts, such as the mitochondria and the chloroplasts.	eukaryotic cell	Explain how eukaryotic cell is like working office.
Prokaryotic cells are like self-started businesses because they have their own DNA and they use it to make proteins. Proteins are the molecules that cells use to do their jobs.	prokaryotic cell	Explain how prokaryotic cell is like self started business.
The kernel is like a college library because it contains a vast amount of information that is essential to the functioning of a computer. It contains the code that allows a computer to interact with the outside world, and it is responsible for managing the resources that are available to the rest of the operating system.	operating systems kernel	Explain how operating systems kernel is like college library.
Reactant is like coffee granules because it is a small, discrete particle that can be easily moved around. Reactant is also like coffee granules because it is a source of energy that can be used to create new molecules.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like a cup of coffee granules.
Reactants are like engines in that they are used to create products. Reactants are like engines in that they are used to create products. Reactants are like engines in that they are used to create products.	limiting reactant	Explain how limiting reactant is like engine.
Helicase is like a zipper because it is a type of enzyme that helps to break down proteins. Zippers are made of two pieces of fabric that are pulled together along a zipper track. The fabric is first folded in half, and then the two sides are sewn together. The zipper teeth are then sewn into the folded fabric. The teeth are then pulled apart, and the fabric is now open. Helicase is also made of two pieces of protein, and it helps to break down proteins. However, the zipper teeth are not sewn into the fabric. Instead, they are just glued to the fabric. The teeth are then pulled apart, and the fabric is now open.	helicase	Explain how helicase is like zipper zip.
Dna replication binding proteins are like hands holding open two strips of magnet. When the proteins are bound to the DNA, they form a structure that can hold open the DNA so that the DNA can be copied.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain how dna replication binding proteins is like hands holding open two strips of magnet.
Ligase is like a sewing machine in that it uses a thread to join two pieces of fabric together. Ligase works by cutting the thread, then joining the two pieces of fabric together.	ligase	Explain how ligase is like sewing machine.
Process control block is like inode in that it is a block of data that stores information about a process. However, process control block also includes information about the process's environment, such as the files that the process has access to.	process control block	Explain how process control block is like inode.
When you speak, you produce sounds that are interpreted by your brain as words. The sounds you make are converted into electrical signals that are sent through your vocal cords and out into the world. The same thing happens when you encode a message. You produce sounds that are interpreted by your brain as symbols. The symbols are converted into electrical signals that are sent through your vocal cords and out into the world.	message encoding	Explain how message encoding is like speaking.
Interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like a lock and key. The lock is the drug, and the key is the receptor site. The drug binds to the receptor site, and this binding locks the drug and the receptor site together. The key is the receptor site, and it can unlock the drug and the receptor site from each other.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like lock and key.
The interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like fitting a foot in a footprint. The drugs bind to the receptor sites on the cell and then the cell can start to do its job.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain how interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like foot fitting in footprint.
Monitor is like human face in the sense that it has two eyes, a nose, and a mouth. It also has a screen in the front that people can see.	monitor	Explain how monitor is like human face.
The CPU is like the brain because it is responsible for carrying out instructions that the user gives it. The CPU is also very fast and can carry out many tasks at once.	cpu	Explain how cpu is like brain.
A motherboard is like a skeleton because it is the foundation of your computer. It contains all of the components that make up your computer, and it provides a way for those components to communicate with each other.	motherboard	Explain how motherboard is like skeleton.
Ram is like pre-frontal lobe in that it is responsible for organizing and managing information.	ram	Explain how ram is like pre-frontal lobe.
A power supply unit is like energy because it is a device that converts electrical energy into other forms of energy that can be used by devices in a home or office.	power supply unit	Explain how power supply unit is like energy.
The keyboard is like hands in that they are used to type text.	keyboard	Explain how keyboard is like hands.
Mouse has five senses: sight, hearing, smell, taste, and touch.	mouse	Explain how mouse is like senses.
Audio card is like ear because it helps to process sound.	audio card	Explain how audio card is like ear.
Video card is like an eye because it is a device that helps us see. It takes images from our computer screen and sends them to our eyes.	video card	Explain how video card is like eye.
Coral's age calculation is like tree's age calculation in that they both use the growth rate to calculate the age. Coral's age calculation is like tree's age calculation in that they both use the growth rate to calculate the age.	tree's age calculation	Explain how tree's age calculation is like coral's age calculation.
Glycolysis is like a roller coaster because it goes up and down. The first part is like the first hill, and the second part is like the second hill.	glycolysis	Explain how glycolysis is like roller coaster.
Anti-stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate. The ball is deflected off the plate in all directions because of the anti-stokes waves that are created.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain how anti-stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
Stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate. The ball impacts the plate at an angle and the energy is spread out over a larger area.	stokes scattering	Explain how stokes scattering is like ball striking a plate.
Median lethal dose is like balls and target. The median lethal dose is the dose that kills half of the people who receive it. The target is the point at which the majority of people die from a poison.	median lethal dose	Explain how median lethal dose is like balls and target.
The universe is like the surface of a balloon. The balloon has a large surface area, but a small volume. The universe has a large surface area, but a small volume.	universe	Explain how universe is like surface of a balloon.
Enzyme mechanism is like a lock and key. The lock is the active site of the enzyme, and the key is the molecule that the enzyme uses to bind to the substrate. The enzyme uses the key to unlock the lock and allow the substrate to enter the active site.	enzyme mechanism	Explain how enzyme mechanism is like lock and key.
Anova is like finding signal in the noise because it is a tool that can be used to compare the differences between two groups.	anova	Explain how anova is like finding signal in the noise.
The hypothalamus is like a thermostat because it controls the body's temperature. The hypothalamus is located in the brain and it controls the body's temperature by sending signals to the body's muscles and organs.	thermostat	Explain how thermostat is like hypothalamus.
Chemical equilibrium is like water level in a dam and a lake. The water level in the dam stays the same because the dam blocks the water from flowing out. The water level in the lake stays the same because the lake can hold more water.	chemical equilibrium	Explain how chemical equilibrium is like water level in dam and lake.
Just-in-time is like water in that it is essential for life. Just-in-time is like rocks in that it is essential for the construction of buildings and other structures.	just-in-time	Explain how just-in-time is like water and rocks.
Adaptive immunity is like police headquerters. Police headquerters are law enforcement officers who use their authority to search for and seize contraband or illegal items. Adaptive immunity is a mechanism by which the body's immune system responds to a foreign object or pathogen. The adaptive immune system is designed to recognize and attack any foreign object or pathogen that enters the body.	adaptive immunity	Explain how adaptive immunity is like police headquerters.
Ohm's law is like cats, mice and cake in that it is a simple equation that can be used to describe relationships between electrical quantities.	ohm's law	Explain how ohm's law is like cats, mice and cake.
Transcription is like photocopying because it is a process of copying a text from one medium to another. In transcription, a copy of the text is made from an audio or video recording.	transcription	Explain how transcription is like photocopying.
RNA polymerase is like a Xerox machine in that it can copy a template strand of DNA into new strands of DNA. RNA polymerase works by using a sequence of nucleotides (the building blocks of DNA) as a template to copy the DNA.	rna polymerase	Explain how rna polymerase is like xerox machine.
Ribosomes are like cooks because they help to make proteins. Ribosomes are small pieces of protein that are found in cells. Ribosomes help to make proteins by reading the instructions that are written on DNA.	ribosome	Explain how ribosome is like cook.
Activator protein is like bookmarks because it helps to keep the genetic information in the cells in the correct place.	activator protein	Explain how activator protein is like bookmarks.
Electric circuit is like air flowing through a tube. The electric current flows through the wire and the electric field pushes the air molecules around.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like air flowing through a tube.
Electric circuit is like a rope through metal rings. The electric current flows through the metal rings and creates a magnetic field. This magnetic field causes the rings to move and create an electric current.	electric circuit	Explain how electric circuit is like rope through metal rings.
Hydrophobic effect is like teenagers at a party. They are attracted to each other but they are also afraid of being rejected.	hydrophobic effect	Explain how hydrophobic effect is like teenagers at a party.
Biological signal transduction is like threat communication in animals in that both involve the transmission of a signal to elicit a response. Threat communication in animals involves the transmission of a signal to elicit a defensive response, while biological signal transduction involves the transmission of a signal to elicit a physiological response.	biological signal transduction	Explain how biological signal transduction is like threat communication in animals.
