Nadh is like a battery. It is a molecule that helps store energy in cells.	nadh	Use an analogy to explain nadh.
Proteins are like the bricks in a wall. The bricks are the protein and the mortar is the protein's surrounding environment.	proteins	Use an analogy to explain proteins.
DNA is like a set of instructions for a recipe. The recipe is for a cake, and the ingredients and instructions are written down in a book. The DNA is like the book, and the recipe is like the instructions. The ingredients are the chemicals that make up the DNA, and the instructions are the sequence of letters that make up the DNA.	dna	Use an analogy to explain dna.
Glycogen is like a battery in your body. It is a storage form of glucose, which is the body's main source of energy. Glucose is stored in the liver and muscles in the form of glycogen. When the body needs energy, glycogen is converted back to glucose and used to power the body's cells.	glycogen	Use an analogy to explain glycogen.
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory inside the cell. It makes proteins and other important molecules.	endoplasmic reticulum	Use an analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum.
Golgi is like a post office. It takes packages (vesicles) from one part of the cell and delivers them to another part of the cell.	golgi	Use an analogy to explain golgi.
A plasma membrane is like a brick wall. The bricks are the cells and the mortar is the plasma membrane. The cells are held together by the plasma membrane and the plasma membrane is held together by the mortar.	plasma membrane	Use an analogy to explain plasma membrane.
Lysosomes are like the garbage cans of the cell. They are filled with enzymes that break down proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. This helps to recycle these molecules and make new ones.	lysosome	Use an analogy to explain lysosome.
Peroxisomes are like the recycling center of the cell. They recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and carbohydrates.	peroxisomes	Use an analogy to explain peroxisomes.
Mitochondria are like the batteries in a car. They provide the energy that the car needs to run.	mitochondria	Use an analogy to explain mitochondria.
Chloroplasts are like the lungs of a plant. They take in carbon dioxide from the air and release oxygen.	chloroplast	Use an analogy to explain chloroplast.
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides support to the cells and helps them to maintain their shape.	cytoskeleton	Use an analogy to explain cytoskeleton.
Atp is like the gasoline that powers a car. It is used to help the car's engine run.	atp	Use an analogy to explain atp.
NADPH is like the gas pedal in a car. It helps the car go faster.	nadph	Use an analogy to explain nadph.
Peroxysomes are like the recycling plant of the cell. They recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and carbohydrates.	peroxysome	Use an analogy to explain peroxysome.
Mytochondria are like the batteries in a car. They store energy and provide power to the rest of the car. Mytochondria are found in the cells of muscles and they provide energy for muscle movement.	mytochondria	Use an analogy to explain mytochondria.
Electric forces are like magnets. Magnets have two poles, a north pole and a south pole. If you have two magnets and you bring the north poles together, they will repel each other. If you bring the south poles together, they will attract each other. Electric forces work the same way. If you have two positively charged particles, they will repel each other. If you have two negatively charged particles, they will attract each other.	electric forces	Use an analogy to explain electric forces.
A hydrogen electron's orbital is like a planet orbiting around the sun. The electron is constantly moving around the nucleus in a circular path.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Use an analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
The first line of defense in the body is like a wall of soldiers standing guard. They are the first line of defense and are always ready to protect the body from any harm.	first line of defense in the body	Use an analogy to explain first line of defense in the body.
Macrophages are like the garbage collectors of the immune system. They are scavengers that eat up debris, bacteria, and other unwanted materials.	macrophages	Use an analogy to explain macrophages.
A t-helper cell is like a quarterback on a football team. The quarterback is not the one who runs with the ball, but he is the one who directs the players on the field. He tells them where to go and what to do. The t-helper cell is like the quarterback of the immune system. It directs the other cells in the immune system to fight off infection.	t-helper cells	Use an analogy to explain t-helper cells.
B-lymphocytes are like the body's police force. They patrol the body and look for anything that is not supposed to be there. When they find something, they attack it and try to get rid of it.	b-lymphocytes	Use an analogy to explain b-lymphocytes.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like a sniper. They are very precise and can kill specific cells without harming the rest of the body.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Use an analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
Bacteria are like tiny little soldiers that invade your body to try to take over. They are very small and can easily get into your body through cuts or openings. Once they are in your body, they can start to multiply and can cause infection.	invasion of bacterias	Use an analogy to explain invasion of bacterias.
Action potential is like a wave that travels down a rope. When someone pulls on one end of the rope, the wave travels down the rope to the other end. The same thing happens with an action potential. When the neuron is stimulated, the action potential travels down the neuron to the end.	action potential	Use an analogy to explain action potential.
Chromatography is like a funnel. The smaller molecules flow through the funnel faster than the larger molecules. This is because the smaller molecules have more surface area in contact with the funnel than the larger molecules.	experiment of chromatography	Use an analogy to explain experiment of chromatography.
A star's life can be thought of as a marathon. The main sequence is the part of the race where the star is running at its fastest. The main sequence is the star's "prime" and it will spend most of its life there. As the star ages, it gradually slows down and moves out of the main sequence.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Use an analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
Nucleus is like the brain of a cell. It controls all the activities of the cell and directs the cell's growth and reproduction.	nucleus	Use an analogy to explain nucleus.
Ribosomes are like the construction workers of the cell. They build the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosomes	Use an analogy to explain ribosomes.
The Golgi apparatus is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell, processes them, and sends them off to their destinations.	golgi apparatus	Use an analogy to explain golgi apparatus.
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. They digest and break down old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids.	lysosomes	Use an analogy to explain lysosomes.
Nuclear envelope can be thought of as a protective sheath that surrounds the nucleus of a cell. It is made up of two membranes, the outer nuclear membrane and the inner nuclear membrane, which are each studded with proteins. The nuclear envelope helps to keep the nucleus and its contents safe and protected from the rest of the cell.	nuclear envelope	Use an analogy to explain nuclear envelope.
A vacuole is like a balloon. It is a small, round, and thin sac that is filled with a gas or fluid.	vacuoles	Use an analogy to explain vacuoles.
Cytoplasm is like the blood in our veins. It is the fluid that fills the cells and provides them with the nutrients they need to survive. It also helps to carry waste products away from the cells.	cytoplasm	Use an analogy to explain cytoplasm.
Chromosomes are like books in a library. They are organized in a specific way and have specific information in them.	chromosome	Use an analogy to explain chromosome.
Cytosol is like the blood in our veins. It is a fluid that fills the cells and provides a medium for the transport of nutrients and waste products.	cytosol	Use an analogy to explain cytosol.
A cell is like a small city. It has a mayor, a police force, a fire department, and many other important functions.	cell	Use an analogy to explain cell.
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is filled with a liquid or gas and has a thin membrane that separates it from the surrounding area.	vesicles	Use an analogy to explain vesicles.
A cell wall is like the skin of a balloon. It is a thin layer of material that surrounds and protects the balloon.	cell wall	Use an analogy to explain cell wall.
Cells are like the bricks that make up a house. The cells are the basic unit that make up all living things.	cells	Use an analogy to explain cells.
A cell membrane is like a brick wall. The bricks are the cells and the mortar is the cell membrane. The cells are held together by the cell membrane and the cell membrane is held together by the mortar.	cell membrane	Use an analogy to explain cell membrane.
The Golgi body is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell and sorts them according to their destination. It then sends them on their way to the correct destination.	golgi body	Use an analogy to explain golgi body.
A capacitor is like a water tank. It has a certain capacity, just like a tank has a certain capacity. The more water you put in the tank, the more weight it has. The more capacitance a capacitor has, the more charge it can store.	capacitance	Use an analogy to explain capacitance.
Electric current is like water flowing through a hose. The water pressure (voltage) is like the water pressure in the hose. The amount of water flowing through the hose (amperage) is like the amount of current flowing through the wire.	electric current	Use an analogy to explain electric current.
Voltage is like water pressure. Just as water pressure can cause a faucet to spout water, voltage can cause an electric current to flow.	voltage	Use an analogy to explain voltage.
A cell is like a small city. The cell has a mayor, police officers, construction workers, and teachers. The mayor is the cell's leader and is responsible for making sure the cell functions properly. The police officers are responsible for keeping the cell safe and preventing crime. The construction workers are responsible for building and repairing the cell's infrastructure. The teachers are responsible for teaching the cell's residents new information. Each of these workers specializes in their own area of expertise and they all communicate with each other to make sure the cell runs smoothly.	specialization and communication in a cell	Use an analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell.
Kirchoff's voltage law is similar to the law of conservation of energy. Just as energy can neither be created nor destroyed, the voltage around a closed loop in an electrical circuit must be the same.	kirchoff's voltage law	Use an analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law.
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a crowd. The people are all moving at the same speed and in the same direction. The people in the back of the group are moving faster than the people in the front of the group.	nature of a density wave	Use an analogy to explain nature of a density wave.
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They are made of proteins and they work by fitting into the spaces around the molecules they are working on. This helps the molecules move around and react with each other.	enzymes	Use an analogy to explain enzymes.
The human active memory system is like a computer. The computer has a hard drive which stores all of the information that is on the computer. The computer also has random access memory (RAM) which stores the information that is currently being used by the computer. The human active memory system also has a hard drive which stores all of the information that is in the human active memory system. The human active memory system also has RAM which stores the information that is currently being used by the human active memory system.	human active memory system	Use an analogy to explain human active memory system.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. This step is responsible for controlling the rate of the reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Use an analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
Column chromatography is like a giant kitchen strainer. The solvent is poured through the column, and the compounds in the sample are separated as they move through the column. The compounds that are smaller than the pores in the column move through the column more quickly than the compounds that are larger than the pores.	column chromatography	Use an analogy to explain column chromatography.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a see-saw. The two ends of the see-saw are in balance, but the see-saw can be moved up and down. The two ends of the see-saw represent the two states of the chemical reaction (reactants and products). The see-saw can be moved up and down by adding or removing reactants and products.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Use an analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
A vacuole is like a balloon. It is a small, round, and thin sac that is filled with a gas or fluid.	vacuole	Use an analogy to explain vacuole.
A transport vesicle is like a bus. It transports things (in this case, proteins) from one place to another.	transport vesicles	Use an analogy to explain transport vesicles.
Proto-oncogenes are like the spark plugs in a car. They are responsible for starting the engine and making it run. In the same way, proto-oncogenes are responsible for starting the cancer process and making it run.	proto-oncogenes	Use an analogy to explain proto-oncogenes.
Oncogenes are like a cancerous tumor. They are normal genes that have been turned into cancer-causing genes.	oncogenes	Use an analogy to explain oncogenes.
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in check and stop them from growing and dividing too quickly.	tumor suppressor genes	Use an analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes.
Brittle software is like a glass figurine. It looks beautiful and fragile from a distance, but when you try to touch it, it shatters into pieces.	brittle software	Use an analogy to explain brittle software.
A resonance hybrid is like a mixed martial arts fighter. It is a combination of different techniques that make it strong and effective.	resonance hybrid	Use an analogy to explain resonance hybrid.
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a ripple in a pond. Just as a ripple in a pond can be caused by a variety of things, such as a rock being thrown into the water or a breeze blowing across the surface, waves in matter can be caused by a variety of things, such as the movement of an electron or the vibration of a molecule. Just as the size, shape, and location of a ripple in a pond can be affected by the object that created it, the size, shape, and location of waves in matter can be affected by the object that created them.	wave mechanical model	Use an analogy to explain wave mechanical model.
An electroencephalogram is a lot like a car's engine. The engine's job is to turn the fuel (gasoline) into motion (the car moving). The electroencephalogram's job is to turn the electrical signals into motion (the brain thinking).	electroencephalogram	Use an analogy to explain electroencephalogram.
DNA replication is a bit like a photocopier. The DNA molecule is like a sheet of paper, and the individual genes are like the text on the paper. During replication, the DNA molecule is split in two, and each half is copied. The new copies are then joined together, so that the DNA molecule is once again whole.	dna replication	Use an analogy to explain dna replication.
RNA transcription is a bit like a photocopier. The DNA is like the original document and the RNA is like the photocopy. The RNA is a copy of the DNA, but it is also a different molecule.	rna transcription	Use an analogy to explain rna transcription.
Protein translation is a bit like a recipe. The recipe is the set of instructions for making a particular dish. The ingredients are the individual items that are needed to make the dish. The steps in the recipe are the individual instructions for putting the ingredients together.In the same way, the genetic code is the recipe for making a particular protein. The individual items needed to make the protein are the amino acids. The steps in the recipe are the individual instructions for putting the amino acids together.	protein translation	Use an analogy to explain protein translation.
An ecosystem is like a big city. The city has different parts that work together to make the city run. The same is true for an ecosystem. The different parts of the ecosystem work together to make the ecosystem run.	ecosystem	Use an analogy to explain ecosystem.
An action potential is like a wave that travels down a neuron. It starts at the neuron's cell body and travels down the axon to the end of the axon. This wave of electricity causes the release of neurotransmitters at the end of the axon, which then travel across the synaptic gap to the next neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Use an analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
Breathing in frogs is similar to how humans breathe in. The frog inhales air through its nose and the air travels down its throat and into its lungs. Frogs use their ribs to help them breathe in and out.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Use an analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
A cake is a good analogy for layered architecture. The cake is made up of many layers, each of which is a different flavor. The cake is also topped with frosting, which is a different flavor than the cake layers. The cake is also decorated with sprinkles, which are a different flavor than the cake and frosting.	layered architecture	Use an analogy to explain layered architecture.
A cake recipe calls for 2 cups of sugar. If you only have 1 cup of sugar, you will only be able to make a half a cake. The sugar is the limiting reactant. If you have 3 cups of sugar, you will be able to make a whole cake. The sugar is the excess reactant.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Use an analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
A eukaryotic cell is like a city. The cell has a nucleus (the city hall), mitochondria (the power plants), and other organelles (the buildings). The cell also has DNA (the city's laws) and proteins (the city's workers).	eukaryotic cell	Use an analogy to explain eukaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small factory. It has all the equipment it needs to make proteins, DNA, and other molecules.	prokaryotic cell	Use an analogy to explain prokaryotic cell.
An analogy for an operating system kernel would be the engine of a car. The engine is responsible for turning the fuel into motion, and it is the core component that allows the car to function. In the same way, the kernel is the core component of an operating system that allows it to function. It manages the resources of the system, handles communication with hardware and software, and provides basic services to applications.	operating systems kernel	Use an analogy to explain operating systems kernel.
A limiting reactant is like a traffic jam. The more cars that try to enter the freeway, the more congested the freeway becomes, and the slower the traffic moves. The same is true for a chemical reaction. The more reactants that are added to the reaction, the slower the reaction will proceed. The reactant that eventually limits the reaction is called the limiting reactant.	limiting reactant	Use an analogy to explain limiting reactant.
Helicase is like a motor that helps DNA strands to unzip and copy themselves.	helicase	Use an analogy to explain helicase.
DNA replication binding proteins are like the nails that hold the boards of a house together. The nails are necessary to keep the boards in place, and without them, the boards would eventually fall apart. The DNA replication binding proteins are necessary to keep the DNA strands together, and without them, the DNA would eventually fall apart.	dna replication binding proteins	Use an analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins.
Ligase is like a glue that helps to hold two pieces of DNA together.	ligase	Use an analogy to explain ligase.
A process control block is like a traffic light. It helps to control the flow of traffic and keep things moving smoothly.	process control block	Use an analogy to explain process control block.
Message encoding is like translating a message from one language to another. The translator needs to understand both languages in order to accurately translate the message.	message encoding	Use an analogy to explain message encoding.
Interaction between drugs and receptor sites is like a lock and key. The drug is the key and the receptor site is the lock. The drug fits into the receptor site like a key fits into a lock. When the drug is in the receptor site, it causes the receptor site to change shape. This change in shape causes the receptor site to activate or deactivate.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Use an analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
A monitor is like a television. It is a device that displays images and videos.	monitor	Use an analogy to explain monitor.
A CPU can be thought of as the "brain" of a computer. It is responsible for executing the instructions that make up a computer program.	cpu	Use an analogy to explain cpu.
A motherboard can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds many of the key components of a computer, such as the CPU, memory, and ports.	motherboard	Use an analogy to explain motherboard.
Ram is like a computer's processor. It is the part of the computer that does the calculations and helps the computer run.	ram	Use an analogy to explain ram.
A power supply unit is like a gas tank in a car. It is what provides power to the different parts of the car.	power supply unit	Use an analogy to explain power supply unit.
A keyboard is like a piano. You can use the keys to play different notes and create melodies.	keyboard	Use an analogy to explain keyboard.
Mouse is like a tiny computer that you can use to control what is happening on your computer screen.	mouse	Use an analogy to explain mouse.
An audio card is like a driver's license. It is a piece of identification that proves that you are who you say you are.	audio card	Use an analogy to explain audio card.
A video card is like a printer. It prints out the images on the screen.	video card	Use an analogy to explain video card.
Tree's age calculation is like counting the number of rings on a tree stump to find out how old the tree is.	tree's age calculation	Use an analogy to explain tree's age calculation.
Glycolysis is like a car. The glucose is the fuel, and the ATP is the energy that the car uses to move.	glycolysis	Use an analogy to explain glycolysis.
If you throw a rock into a still pond, the rock will cause ripples that will spread out across the surface of the water. If another rock is thrown into the water at the same time as the first, the ripples from the two rocks will collide and create new ripples. This is an example of interference.If you throw a rock into a pond and then throw a rock into the water a short time later, the ripples from the two rocks will not collide. This is an example of anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Use an analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering.
Stokes scattering is similar to the scattering of light by small particles in the atmosphere. Just as the atmosphere scatters sunlight in all directions, causing the sky to be blue, small particles in a suspension can scatter light in all directions. This is why the suspension appears cloudy or white.	stokes scattering	Use an analogy to explain stokes scattering.
The median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is lethal to 50% of the population. It can be thought of as the dose of a substance that is lethal to the average person.	median lethal dose	Use an analogy to explain median lethal dose.
The universe is like a big jigsaw puzzle. There are billions of pieces, and it's up to us to put them together to create a complete picture.	universe	Use an analogy to explain universe.
Enzyme mechanism is like a lock and key. The enzyme is the lock and the substrate is the key. The enzyme has a specific shape that the substrate must fit in order to bind to the enzyme and undergo a chemical reaction.	enzyme mechanism	Use an analogy to explain enzyme mechanism.
An analogy for anova would be to think of it as a large scale t-test. anova is used to compare the means of more than two groups, while a t-test can only compare two groups. anova is also able to account for the variability in the data due to the number of groups being compared.	anova	Use an analogy to explain anova.
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building. It does this by turning on or off the heating or cooling system as needed.	thermostat	Use an analogy to explain thermostat.
Chemical equilibrium is like a see-saw. When one side goes up, the other side goes down.	chemical equilibrium	Use an analogy to explain chemical equilibrium.
Just-in-time is like a grocery store. The store has a limited amount of food, but it is always fresh. The store never runs out of food, but it never has too much food, either.	just-in-time	Use an analogy to explain just-in-time.
Adaptive immunity is like a lock and key. The lock is the receptor on the surface of the T cell and the key is the antigen. The antigen fits into the receptor like a key in a lock and this interaction activates the T cell.	adaptive immunity	Use an analogy to explain adaptive immunity.
Ohm's law is like a water hose. The more water pressure you have, the more water comes out of the hose. The same is true for electricity. The more voltage you have, the more current flows through the wire.	ohm's law	Use an analogy to explain ohm's law.
Transcription is like taking dictation. The transcriptionist listens to someone speaking and types what they are saying.	transcription	Use an analogy to explain transcription.
Rna polymerase is like a construction worker. It takes the blueprints for a building and builds it according to the instructions.	rna polymerase	Use an analogy to explain rna polymerase.
Ribosomes are like the construction workers of the cell. They build the proteins that the cell needs to function.	ribosome	Use an analogy to explain ribosome.
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks a door. The activator protein binds to a specific site on the DNA molecule and then helps to open the door, which allows the gene to be expressed.	activator protein	Use an analogy to explain activator protein.
Electricity flows through a circuit like water flows through a hose. The electricity is like the water, and the hose is like the circuit.	electric circuit	Use an analogy to explain electric circuit.
The hydrophobic effect is similar to the way oil and water mix. Oil is hydrophobic, meaning it does not mix with water. When you add oil to water, the oil will float on top because it is not attracted to the water. The water and oil will not mix until you stir them together. This is because the water molecules are attracted to each other, but the oil molecules are not.	hydrophobic effect	Use an analogy to explain hydrophobic effect.
A common analogy used to explain signal transduction is the postal service. A letter is sent from one person to another, and the postal service is responsible for getting the letter to the correct destination. In the same way, a signal is sent from one cell to another, and the signal transduction pathway is responsible for getting the signal to the correct destination.	biological signal transduction	Use an analogy to explain biological signal transduction.
