NADH is like a battery in a car. It is used to power the car's engine.	nadh	explain nadh using an analogy
Proteins are like the workers in a factory. They are responsible for building and maintaining the products that the factory produces. In the body, proteins are responsible for building and maintaining tissues, organs, and other body parts.	proteins	explain proteins using an analogy
DNA is like a set of instructions for a recipe. The recipe is written in a language that is specific to that recipe. The DNA is like the instructions for that recipe. It is written in a language that is specific to DNA.	dna	explain dna using an analogy
Glycogen is like a battery. It is a storage form of glucose that the body can use for energy.	glycogen	explain glycogen using an analogy
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory inside the cell. It makes proteins and other important molecules.	endoplasmic reticulum	explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy
The Golgi apparatus is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell, sorts them, and sends them to the correct destination.	golgi	explain golgi using an analogy
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a security guard. It is responsible for keeping things in (like nutrients) and keeping things out (like toxins). It is like a bouncer at a club, deciding who gets in and who doesn't.	plasma membrane	explain plasma membrane using an analogy
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. They digest things that the cell needs to use, like old proteins.	lysosome	explain lysosome using an analogy
Peroxisomes are like the recycling plant in a city. They take in old, broken down materials and recycle them into new, usable materials.	peroxisomes	explain peroxisomes using an analogy
Mitochondria are like the batteries in a car. They provide the energy that the car needs to run.	mitochondria	explain mitochondria using an analogy
Chloroplasts are like the solar panels of a plant. They use sunlight to convert carbon dioxide and water into glucose and oxygen.	chloroplast	explain chloroplast using an analogy
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It helps to hold the cells together and gives them their shape.	cytoskeleton	explain cytoskeleton using an analogy
ATP is like the gasoline in a car. It is what provides the energy for the car to move.	atp	explain atp using an analogy
NADPH is like a battery. It is used to store energy and power the chemical reactions in the body.	nadph	explain nadph using an analogy
A peroxysome is like a tiny recycling center in a cell. It recycles old or damaged proteins, fats, and other molecules.	peroxysome	explain peroxysome using an analogy
Myochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouses" of the cell. Just as a power plant provides electricity to a city, myochondria provide energy to the cell. Myochondria are responsible for producing adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is the primary source of energy for cells.	mytochondria	explain mytochondria using an analogy
Electric forces are like magnets. Magnets have two poles, a north pole and a south pole. If you have two magnets and you bring the north poles together, they will repel each other. If you bring the south poles together, they will attract each other. Electric forces work the same way. If you have two charges, a positive charge and a negative charge, the positive charge will repel the negative charge and the negative charge will repel the positive charge.	electric forces	explain electric forces using an analogy
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a racecar driving around a track. The track is circular and the racecar can drive around the track any time it wants. The racecar's orbit is its path around the track.	hydrogen electron's orbital	explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy
The first line of defense in the body is like a castle with a moat. The moat is full of water and crocodiles that will eat anything that comes near. The castle has walls that are high and strong, and there are soldiers inside who are ready to fight.	first line of defense in the body	explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy
Macrophages are like the body's garbage collectors. They eat up the dead cells and bacteria in the body.	macrophages	explain macrophages using an analogy
A T-helper cell is like a personal assistant. They help to organize and coordinate the work that needs to be done to fight infection. They also help to keep the immune system working well.	t-helper cells	explain t-helper cells using an analogy
B-lymphocytes are like the body's police force. They patrol the body and look for things that don't belong, like bacteria or viruses. Once they find something that's not supposed to be there, they attack it and try to get rid of it.	b-lymphocytes	explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like a group of superheroes that protect the body from bad cells. These cells are able to recognize and destroy cancer cells, viruses, and other harmful cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy
Invasion of bacteria is similar to an army invading a country. The bacteria are like the soldiers, and they invade the cells of the body to take over. The body's immune system is like the army that fights back against the bacteria and tries to get rid of them.	invasion of bacterias	explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy
Action potentials are a bit like waves crashing on a beach. They start out small, but as they get closer to the shore, they get bigger and bigger. Eventually, they reach the shore and crash against it.	action potential	explain action potential using an analogy
Chromatography is like a large, complex jigsaw puzzle. The puzzle has many different colors and pieces. The colors represent the different compounds in the sample. The pieces represent the different molecules in the sample. The puzzle is put together by scientists who use chromatography to separate the compounds in the sample.	experiment of chromatography	explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy
A star's life can be thought of as a marathon. The main sequence is the part of the race where the star is running at its fastest. The main sequence is the longest part of the race, and it's when the star is using up its hydrogen fuel the quickest. Once the star runs out of hydrogen, it starts to slow down and moves out of the main sequence.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy
Nucleus is like the brain of a cell. It controls all the important functions of the cell and coordinates all the activities.	nucleus	explain nucleus using an analogy
Ribosomes are like the machines that put together the pieces of a car. The car parts are like the different types of amino acids that make up a protein. The ribosomes put the amino acids together to make the protein.	ribosomes	explain ribosomes using an analogy
The Golgi apparatus is like a post office. The cell sends packages (proteins) to the Golgi apparatus, and the Golgi apparatus sends them to the correct destination (either out of the cell or to another organelle).	golgi apparatus	explain golgi apparatus using an analogy
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. They digest things that the cell needs to use.	lysosomes	explain lysosomes using an analogy
Nuclear envelope can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. It is responsible for controlling what enters and leaves the nucleus of the cell.	nuclear envelope	explain nuclear envelope using an analogy
A vacuole is like a balloon. It is a small, round, and thin sac that is filled with a gas or fluid.	vacuoles	explain vacuoles using an analogy
Cytoplasm is like a soup. It is made up of different ingredients (proteins, DNA, etc.) that are all mixed together.	cytoplasm	explain cytoplasm using an analogy
Chromosomes are like books. They have a lot of information in them that is important for the development and functioning of the organism.	chromosome	explain chromosome using an analogy
Cytosol is like the blood in our veins. It is the fluid that fills our cells and provides the environment for the cell's organelles to work.	cytosol	explain cytosol using an analogy
A cell is like a small city. It has a mayor, a police force, a fire department, and many other city functions.	cell	explain cell using an analogy
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is filled with a liquid or gas and is surrounded by a thin membrane.	vesicles	explain vesicles using an analogy
A cell wall is like a castle wall. It is strong and protects the people inside.	cell wall	explain cell wall using an analogy
Cells are like tiny factories. They take in raw materials, like food and air, and turn them into products, like energy and new cells.	cells	explain cells using an analogy
A cell membrane is like a coat of paint. It is a thin layer that coats the outside of the cell. The cell membrane is important because it helps protect the cell and keep the inside of the cell separate from the outside world.	cell membrane	explain cell membrane using an analogy
The Golgi body is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell, sorts them, and sends them to the correct destination.	golgi body	explain golgi body using an analogy
CAPACITANCE is a lot like a water balloon. Just like a balloon can store a lot of water, a capacitor can store a lot of electricity.	capacitance	explain capacitance using an analogy
Electric current is like water flowing through a hose. The water pressure (voltage) is like the water pressure in the hose. The amount of water flowing through the hose (current) is like the amount of electricity flowing through the wire.	electric current	explain electric current using an analogy
Voltage is like water pressure. Just as water pressure can cause a faucet to spout water, voltage can cause an electric current to flow.	voltage	explain voltage using an analogy
A cell is like a small city. The cell has a mayor, who is in charge of the cell. The mayor is responsible for making sure that the cell functions properly. The mayor is assisted by other city officials, who are responsible for different aspects of the cell's operation. The officials communicate with each other to make sure that the cell functions as a unit.	specialization and communication in a cell	explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy
Kirchoff's Voltage Law is like a traffic law. Just as a traffic law regulates the flow of traffic, Kirchoff's Voltage Law regulates the flow of electricity.	kirchoff's voltage law	explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy
A density wave is like a group of people walking in a line. The people are close together at the beginning of the line, and they spread out as they walk.	nature of a density wave	explain nature of a density wave using an analogy
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They are like tiny robots that help make things happen.	enzymes	explain enzymes using an analogy
The human active memory system can be compared to a computer's active memory system. The human active memory system is like the computer's active memory system because they are both able to store and process information. The human active memory system is different from the computer's active memory system because the human active memory system is able to store and process information using a biological system, while the computer's active memory system is able to store and process information using a digital system.	human active memory system	explain human active memory system using an analogy
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. The analogy would be that the rate-determining step is like the slowest runner in a race. The other runners can only run as fast as the slowest runner.	rate-determining step of a reaction	explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy
Column chromatography is like a grocery store. The different types of food (solutes) are like the different types of molecules in a sample. The different aisles (chromatographic columns) are like the different ways the molecules can be separated. The different shelves (resins) are like the different ways the molecules can be separated. The different products (eluents) are like the different ways the molecules can be separated.	column chromatography	explain column chromatography using an analogy
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a group of people standing in a circle. Each person is pushing against the person next to them, and as a result, the group is stationary. However, if one person steps back, the group will start to move. In the same way, if a chemical reaction is pushed in one direction by a catalyst, the equilibrium will shift to counteract the catalyst.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy
A vacuole is like a balloon. It is a small, round, and thin sac that is filled with air or gas.	vacuole	explain vacuole using an analogy
A transport vesicle is like a bus. It transports things (molecules) from one place to another.	transport vesicles	explain transport vesicles using an analogy
A proto-oncogene is like a regular gene, except it has the potential to become an oncogene. An analogy would be to think of proto-oncogenes as seeds, and oncogenes as flowers. Proto-oncogenes are the seeds that have the potential to grow into flowers, but oncogenes are the flowers that have already grown.	proto-oncogenes	explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy
Oncogenes are like the accelerator on a car. They are responsible for increasing the speed of cell growth. When these genes are mutated, they can cause cells to grow and divide out of control, leading to cancer.	oncogenes	explain oncogenes using an analogy
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in check and stop them from growing out of control.	tumor suppressor genes	explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy
Brittle software is like a house of cards. It's very easy to knock it down and it doesn't take much to cause it to fail.	brittle software	explain brittle software using an analogy
A resonance hybrid is like a mixed martial arts fighter. It is made up of different parts, but it is stronger than any of its individual parts.	resonance hybrid	explain resonance hybrid using an analogy
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a group of people standing in a line, each person holding the hand of the person in front of them. As the first person in the line moves, they pull on the hands of the people behind them, causing them to move as well.	wave mechanical model	explain wave mechanical model using an analogy
An EEG is a bit like a car's dashboard. It records the electrical activity of the brain in much the same way that a car's dashboard records the speed and performance of the engine.	electroencephalogram	explain electroencephalogram using an analogy
DNA replication is a bit like making a photocopy of a document. The original document is the DNA, and the photocopy is the new DNA.	dna replication	explain dna replication using an analogy
RNA transcription is a bit like a photocopier. The DNA is the original document and the RNA is the copy. The photocopier uses light to create a copy of the document. The RNA uses the instructions in the DNA to create a copy of the gene.	rna transcription	explain rna transcription using an analogy
Protein translation is a bit like a recipe. The recipe is the set of instructions for making a dish. The ingredients are the things you need to make the dish. The instructions tell you what to do with the ingredients.In the same way, the genetic code is the recipe for making a protein. The ingredients are the building blocks of the protein. The instructions tell you what to do with the ingredients.	protein translation	explain protein translation using an analogy
An ecosystem can be thought of as a human body. The body has different parts that work together to keep the whole functioning. The heart is like the sun, providing energy to the rest of the body. The brain is like the control center, sending instructions to the different parts of the body. The lungs are like the air, providing the body with the oxygen it needs to survive. The stomach is like the earth, breaking down food to provide the body with the nutrients it needs. Just like the different parts of the body work together to keep a human alive, the different parts of an ecosystem work together to keep the ecosystem alive.	ecosystem	explain ecosystem using an analogy
An action potential is a bit like a firework. It starts at one end of the neuron and travels down the neuron like a spark until it reaches the other end. Along the way, it sparks other action potentials, which causes the neuron to fire and send a signal to the next neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy
Breathing in frogs is a little bit like breathing in people. The frog's lungs fill up with air, and the air goes into the blood vessels in the lungs. The frog's heart pumps the blood from the lungs to the rest of the body. When the frog breathes out, the air goes out of the lungs and the blood goes back to the lungs.	breathing mechanism of frogs	explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy
A layered architecture is like a cake. The cake is made up of many layers, and each layer is a different flavor. The cake is also decorated with frosting and other decorations. The cake is a delicious dessert that everyone enjoys.A layered architecture is like a cake. The cake is made up of many layers, and each layer is a different flavor. The cake is also decorated with frosting and other decorations. The cake is a delicious dessert that everyone enjoys.	layered architecture	explain layered architecture using an analogy
A limiting reactant is like a traffic jam on a highway. The excess reactant is like the cars that are able to keep driving past the traffic jam.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy
A eukaryotic cell is like a city. The cell has a nucleus (the city hall), mitochondria (the power plants), and other organelles (the different neighborhoods). The cell also has proteins (the police) and DNA (the city's laws).	eukaryotic cell	explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy
A prokaryotic cell is like a small factory. It has all the machines it needs to make products, and it has workers to run the machines.	prokaryotic cell	explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy
The kernel is the brain of the computer. It controls all the basic functions of the computer, such as memory management, process management, and input/output. It also provides the basic services that all applications need, such as file system access and networking.	operating systems kernel	explain operating systems kernel using an analogy
A limiting reactant is like a traffic jam. The more cars that try to get through the intersection, the more congested it becomes and the slower traffic flows. The same is true for a chemical reaction. The more reactants that are added to the reaction, the slower the reaction will proceed. The reactant that becomes limiting is the one that causes the reaction to slow down the most.	limiting reactant	explain limiting reactant using an analogy
Helicase is like a lock-picking tool. It is a protein that helps to unzip the two strands of DNA so that the genetic information can be copied.	helicase	explain helicase using an analogy
Replication binding proteins are like the nails that hold a house together. They help to keep the DNA strands together as the replication process occurs.	dna replication binding proteins	explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy
Ligase is like a glue that helps to hold two pieces of DNA together.	ligase	explain ligase using an analogy
A process control block can be thought of as a traffic controller for a busy intersection. The traffic controller monitors the traffic and makes sure that the intersection flows smoothly. If there is a problem, the traffic controller intervenes to fix the problem.	process control block	explain process control block using an analogy
Message encoding is like translating a message from one language to another.	message encoding	explain message encoding using an analogy
Drugs are like keys, and receptor sites are like locks. The drug can fit into the receptor site like a key would fit into a lock, and that's how it works.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy
A monitor is like a television. It is a device that displays images and videos.	monitor	explain monitor using an analogy
A CPU is a bit like a brain. It can think and make decisions. It can also control the body (the computer).	cpu	explain cpu using an analogy
A motherboard can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds many of the key components of a computer, such as the CPU, memory, and expansion slots. It also provides connectors for other devices, such as the power supply, hard drive, and optical drive.	motherboard	explain motherboard using an analogy
RAM is like a desk. You can put things on it and take them off. The things you put on it can be accessed quickly. The more things you put on it, the harder it is to take them off.	ram	explain ram using an analogy
A power supply unit can be thought of as a water tower. The water tower provides a steady flow of water to the houses in the town below. The power supply unit provides a steady flow of electricity to the devices in your house.	power supply unit	explain power supply unit using an analogy
A keyboard is like a piano. You can use the keyboard to play different notes by pressing different keys.	keyboard	explain keyboard using an analogy
A mouse is like a tiny, furry cat that scurries around and climbs up things.	mouse	explain mouse using an analogy
An audio card can be thought of as a translator between the digital language of a computer and the analog language of sound. It converts the ones and zeroes of a digital audio file into the electrical signals that speakers use to create sound.	audio card	explain audio card using an analogy
A video card is like a bicycle. It has a frame, two wheels, and handlebars. The frame is the video card's case. The two wheels are the video card's graphics processing units (GPUs). The handlebars are the video card's memory.	video card	explain video card using an analogy
A tree's age calculation is like a human's age calculation. Just as humans are measured in years, trees are measured in years too.	tree's age calculation	explain tree's age calculation using an analogy
Glycolysis is like a factory that takes in raw materials and produces a finished product. The raw materials are glucose and oxygen, and the finished product is ATP.	glycolysis	explain glycolysis using an analogy
If you throw a tennis ball at a wall, the ball will bounce back. This is an example of Newton's third law of motion, which states that for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. If you throw a tennis ball at a glass window, the ball will not bounce back. This is because the window will absorb the energy of the ball, causing it to slow down and stop. This is an example of anti-Newton's third law of motion, which states that for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. In the case of anti-Newton's third law, the action is the ball hitting the window, and the reaction is the window absorbing the energy of the ball.	anti-stokes scattering	explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy
Stokes scattering is a bit like a group of people throwing a ball around. The ball is the light, and the people are the atoms. When the light hits an atom, it bounces off in a new direction. This is like when the ball is thrown by a person and it bounces off someone else.	stokes scattering	explain stokes scattering using an analogy
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that is lethal to 50% of the population. This can be thought of as the amount of a substance that is required to kill half of the people who are exposed to it. An analogy for this would be to think of a group of people as a herd of cows. If you wanted to kill half of the cows in the herd, you would need to shoot them with a gun that had a median lethal dose of ammunition.	median lethal dose	explain median lethal dose using an analogy
The universe is like a big jigsaw puzzle. There are billions of pieces, and it's up to us to put them together to create a complete picture. Some pieces are easy to find, while others are hidden away in the corners of the puzzle. It's a challenging task, but the end result is always worth it.	universe	explain universe using an analogy
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen. They work by fitting into the spaces between the molecules of the reactants, and holding them in the right position so that the reaction can happen. Enzymes can also help to speed up reactions by providing a surface for the reactants to collide on.	enzyme mechanism	explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy
ANOVA is a bit like a big science experiment. In a big science experiment, you might have a bunch of different test tubes, each with a different substance in it. You might also have a control tube, which has no substance in it. You would then take measurements from all of the tubes, to see how the different substances affect the measurement.ANOVA is kind of like that. You have a bunch of different groups (the different test tubes), and you measure how they all differ from each other (the different substances). You also have a control group (the tube with no substance in it), to see how the measurement would be without any of the substances.	anova	explain anova using an analogy
A thermostat is like a traffic cop. It regulates the flow of traffic by opening and closing the flow of traffic.	thermostat	explain thermostat using an analogy
Chemical equilibrium is like a see-saw. The two people on the see-saw are balanced when they are sitting on opposite ends. If one person gets up, the other person will go down. In the same way, when the concentrations of the reactants and products are equal, the reaction is in equilibrium. If the concentration of one of the reactants changes, the equilibrium will be disturbed and the reaction will move to reach a new equilibrium.	chemical equilibrium	explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy
Just-in-time is like a grocery store. The store has a limited amount of food and it is constantly restocking its shelves. The store never runs out of food and it always has the food that its customers want. Just-in-time is the same way. It has a limited amount of resources and it is constantly restocking its shelves. It never runs out of resources and it always has the resources that its customers want.	just-in-time	explain just-in-time using an analogy
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. The bouncer's job is to decide who is allowed into the club and who is not. The bouncer uses his knowledge of the club's rules and his experience with different people to decide who is allowed in.Adaptive immunity is similar to the bouncer because it uses its knowledge of the body and its experience with different pathogens to decide which pathogens are allowed to cause disease.	adaptive immunity	explain adaptive immunity using an analogy
Ohm's law is like a water hose. The more water pressure you have, the more water comes out of the hose. The same is true for electricity. The more voltage you have, the more current comes out of the wire.	ohm's law	explain ohm's law using an analogy
Transcription is like taking dictation. You are listening to someone speak and writing down what they say.	transcription	explain transcription using an analogy
RNA polymerase is like a construction worker. It takes the blueprints for a building (the DNA) and builds the building (the RNA).	rna polymerase	explain rna polymerase using an analogy
Ribosomes are like the machines that put together the pieces of a car. The car parts (the mRNA) come in on a conveyor belt, and the ribosomes put them together to make a car.	ribosome	explain ribosome using an analogy
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks a door. The activator protein binds to a specific site on the DNA molecule and then helps to open the door, which allows the gene to be expressed.	activator protein	explain activator protein using an analogy
Electricity is like water in a hose. The water pressure (voltage) is like the water pressure in the hose. The amount of water flowing through the hose (amperage) is like the amount of electricity flowing through the circuit. The length of the hose (length of wire) is like the length of the wire in the circuit.	electric circuit	explain electric circuit using an analogy
The hydrophobic effect is similar to the way oil and water mix. Oil is hydrophobic, meaning it does not mix with water. When you add oil to water, the oil will float on top because it is not attracted to the water. The water and oil will not mix because the water's polarity is attracted to the water's molecules, while the oil's polarity is attracted to the oil's molecules.	hydrophobic effect	explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy
Biological signal transduction is a bit like a telephone system. The telephone system takes an incoming sound (a voice) and turns it into an electrical signal that can be sent through the telephone network. The telephone network then turns the electrical signal back into a sound that we can hear. Biological signal transduction does something similar. It takes an incoming signal (for example, a hormone) and turns it into an electrical signal that can be sent through the body. The body then turns the electrical signal back into a hormone that we can feel.	biological signal transduction	explain biological signal transduction using an analogy
