Source	Target	Explanation
courier service	nadh	In case courier service the delivery of message or any other important things can be transported. Here in a cell the NADH would transfer electron along with flavin adenine dinucleotide and will ultimately transport electrons to mitochondria where the cell can harvest the energy stored in the form of electrons.
things that are necessary in daily life	nadh	NADH could be all things that are necessary in daily life, such as shoes, clothes, among others. NADH is necessary to perform several metabolic functions, and all items mentioned above present a similar function in daily life.
corporate hub	proteins	The corporate hub functions for the well being of the cities economy. In the same way proteins serves as a building blocks of a persons body. They are a major source of energy. These are responsible for the structure function and regulation of body tissues.
citizens	proteins	Citizens are in all cities making different activities, as proteins that are in all cells developing different functions.
hard disk of a computer	dna	The hard disk serves as a basis for storage of information. Like a hard disk that stores information the purpose of DNA is to store genetic information and transfer it from one generation to another.
city files	dna	DNA could be the city files where it is possible to find the information of the city, its history, and different information about it.
manufacturing instructions	dna	DNA is a code or instruction for manufacturing proteins or products.
book	dna	Each DNA has some information which is specific to it same way each book has separate information which is present only in it
rechargeable batteries	glycogen	Glycogen stores energy in humans and numerous other species. This stored energy can be utilised for the biogenesis of glucose. Hence it is a perfect example of any energy storage device like rechargeable batteries where a battery can be recharged and the energy can be stored. This stored energy can be utilised for numerous other purpose.
supermarkets	glycogen	Glycogen provides a source of energy and is necessary to perform different metabolic functions in cells. Supermarkets provide food to cook meals.
offices of chiefs of different departments	endoplasmic reticulum	Endoplasmic reticulum could be the offices where chiefs of different departments receive the orders from the major and they delegate these orders to other people. The endoplasmic reticulum (where chiefs are) receives RNA messengers (orders) from the nucleus (major office), which indicates what proteins must be produced. The analogy is that the endoplasmic reticulum receives orders from the nucleus on how to work.
classroom	endoplasmic reticulum	The endoplasmic reticulum is like Classroom because that is where All the work gets completed.
restaurant kitchen	endoplasmic reticulum	Just like restaurant kitchen that produce several different products, Endoplasmic Reticulum produce several substances used within the cell and throughout the body like protein and fat.
industry	endoplasmic reticulum	Both are the site for production of material and after that it is stored there.
offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government	golgi	Golgi could be the offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government, and they organize different activities to support the organization of the city. Golgi receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum and delegate them to other places in the cell. In addition, Golgi performs other activities, supporting the cell organization.
edge of the city	plasma membrane	Plasma membrane would be the edge of the city since it separates the inside of cells from the outside.
police station	lysosome	Lysosome can be a police station because it defends cells against virus and bacteria as well as police defends the city of criminals.
hospital	lysosome	Lysosomes degrade everything that enters to the cells, such as viruses and bacteria because of that they can be hospitals.
garbage disposal	lysosome	Breaks down wastes and extra materials by disposing them.
incenerator	lysosome	Lysosome is like the incenerator of the factory where waste is degraded and disposed off.
stomach	lysosome	Both contains digestive enzymes which are used to digest food.
garbage delivery system	peroxisomes	Peroxisomes can protect cells again the oxidations. Peroxisomes could be the garbage delivery system since they support cell maintenance.
restaurants	mitochondria	Mitochondria could be restaurants when you can find food to eat and obtain energy. Restaurants provide prepared food; it is not necessary to cook. It is easy and fast.  Mitochondria produce ATP, which is a molecule where cells can obtain energy in a fast way.
electric station	mitochondria	Mitochondria is like the electric station which provides electric energy to different areas of the factory for daily activities. production site
burger drawers	mitochondria	Mitochondria are the power house of the cell, store energy obtain from food until organelle needs it. Burger drawers store food until it is needed for customer order.
power plant	mitochondria	Light power plant generates energy in the form of electricity. Mitochondria also generates energy in the form of ATP.
food production factory	chloroplast	Chloroplast could be factories where food is produced, such as bread, milk, meat, etc. Photosynthesis is performed in this organelle, where solar energy is used to produce carbohydrates. Both are a source of energy.
solar energy plants	chloroplast	Both capture energy from the sun.
kitchen	chloroplast	Chloroplast is like the kitchen of the factory where food is synthesised.
solar panels	chloroplast	Like solar panels convert solar energy into to another form of energy. In the similar way chloroplast converts solar energy into chemical energy.
street	cytoskeleton	Cytoskeleton would be streets. Cytoskeleton supports the organization of cells and gives the cell shape. Streets have a similar function; they give shape and organization to cities.
metal framework	cytoskeleton	Cytoskeleton is analogous to metal framework, elevator shaft and mail chutes of an old high rise building, which is essential for maintaining the reliability of the cell mechanically as well as imperative for transport and for signaling.
ready to eat food	atp	ATP could be the food ready to eat in the city. ATP provides energy and food is the same for people. It can also be compared to the city lighting system since both provide energy to support all human activities in a city.
charged battery	atp	When a phosphate group is added to ADP, ATP is formed. ADP contains some energy, although not as much as ATP. ADP is similar to an incompletely charged battery which can be fully charged by the adding of phosphate group to it. Subsequently it becomes the fully charged battery, ATP.
money	atp	This is a good analogy because money has "purchasing potential" like ATP has chemical potential energy, cash is also a common way to transfer value that everyone accepts just like ATP is the most frequent way to transfer energy from the covalent bonds in food molecules to the systems that need energy.
bus	nadph	NADPH is similar to a bus, carrying electrons to the Calvin Cycle.
street cleaners	peroxysome	Both work to keep city/cell clean.
power point	mytochondria	Provides energy to give power to the city/cell.
comb and pieces of paper	electric forces	Electric forces are an example of non contact forces. They are exerted by charged bodies. The charged bodies are said to posses an invisible electric field. And it is the interaction of these electric fields that leads to bodies experiencing the electric forces without being in physical contact with each other. As an analogy we will deal with comb and pieces of paper. If we comb our hair when it is dry and bring it near pieces of paper, then the comb will attract the pieces of paper. But if you just simply bring a comb without rubbing it then there is no effect on the pieces of paper. What actually happens here is that, before rubbing the comb, it is electrically neutral, so there is no effect on the pieces of paper, but when we rub it through our dry hair, then the act of rubbing, electrically charges up the comb, as a result of which, there is generation of electric forces. These forces are then responsible for attracting the bits of paper without coming into contact with them.
earth’s atmosphere	hydrogen electron's orbital	The probability map for the hydrogen electron is called an orbital. The probability of finding electron decreases as the distance increases from the nucleus but it never becomes zero even at great distance from nucleus. This description is analogy to the earth’s atmosphere. There is no sharp boundary between the earth’s atmosphere and outer space. The atmosphere fades away gradually, but there are always a few molecules present. Because the edge of an orbital is “fuzzy,” an orbital does not have an exactly defined size. So chemists arbitrarily define its size as the sphere that contains  of the total electron probability. This means that the electron spends  of the time inside this surface and somewhere outside this surface.
police station	first line of defense in the body	The police station itself can be considered as the body of the person. Our human body is provided with skin, mucous membrane, hair, etc which acts as the first line of defense in the form of physical barriers. The walls of the police station resembles the skin, the fencing outside the police station acts as the hairs which becomes analogous to the first line of defense. If a pathogen or disease causing agent enters into the body, it is first detected by the macrophages and the T-helper cells, which are analogous to guards and police inspector.
guards	macrophages	If any criminal tries to enter the body to create nuisance, the guards will try to eliminate him before to avoid any harm.
constables	t-helper cells	Constables record the complaints and on that basis a particular action is taken. Similarly, T-helper cells are responsible for initiating a signalling mechanism in order to mediate the activity of the antibodies which are being synthesized by the B-lymphocytes.
police inspector	b-lymphocytes	B-lymphocytes will try to neutralise the activity of the criminal or pathogens.
action force	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes which are responsible for pore formation within the cells. If the B-lymphocytes or police inspector is not able to control the pathogen or criminal, a strong action force is needed which will be considered as the Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes. Their activity is to directly terminate the criminal.
colonial invasion in a country	invasion of bacterias	The invasion of bacterias through cracked or injured tissues reminds me of colonial invasion in a country. First they try to find a loop hole to negotiate and place their significant role in the internal machinery of that country and then plan to grow and develop using resources from the host countries. However there is always a rebelion that fights them out sooner or later. Likewise pathogens invade through loop holes of the physical barrier or unhealthy habits and use Host's resources to grow and reproduce. However there are immune systems that help eliminating them sooner or later . When some pathogens are very strong and complicated ,immune system may not be able to eliminate them like strong colonisation upon some very weak country.
assembly line	action potential	Assembly line goes at a fixed speed at all points, can be sped up and down, and has a refractory period before a new item is introduced on it.
two cars taking a day trip	experiment of chromatography	Two cars full of people took a day trip. Car A had a lot of little kids and stopped at lots of rest stops and gas stations to give them a break. Car B had just adults in it, and only stopped once. Of course Car B got to the destination first. we can consider the compounds that are more polar as kids which interact with the polar surface of silica and stops a lot so reach the destination after the less polar compounds which interact less with the polar silica surface hence stop fewer times like an adults car and reach the destination first. So we can say that less polar compounds reach the destination first and then more polar compounds reach.
how long a car can run	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	In the cars, the time of driving a car depends upon the amount of fuel in it and rate of consumption of fuel. The more the fuel in car, more time it travels. if the rate of consumption of fuel is more, it travels for less time. Same in stars, as the mass of star is high, fuel is more. As the luminosity of stars is more than low mass stars, they turn off from the main sequence faster than low mass stars. Their rate of loss of fuel is higher and their lifetime in main sequence is smaller than low mass stars.
school principal	nucleus	Because principal is in charge of what goes on in the school.
factory manager	nucleus	Nucleus can be compared with the manager of the factory which provides instructions for proper functioning, and it is separated from the working area of the factory.
restaurant manager	nucleus	As the manager control all the things happen inside the restaurant, so does the nucleus control what happens inside the cell.
brain	nucleus	Both brain and nucleus controls all the functions of body and cell respectively. Without the permission of brain and nucleus no function can take place.
library	nucleus	As Nucleus have all the information regarding all the gene same way library has many books on different field
school vice-principal	ribosomes	The ribosome is like the vice- Principal because it takes orders from The principal and helps run the School.
hamburger cook	ribosomes	Ribosomes are the site of protein synthesis similar to hamburger are made by cook
machines	ribosomes	Both are used to synthesise materials like proteins in ribosome and cloth in machines.
teacher	golgi apparatus	The Golgi Apparatus is like the Teacher. The teachers helps the Students (endoplasmic reticulum) get their work done.
container boxes	golgi apparatus	Like the materials prepared are packed and managed in the boxes so that it can reach its proper destination. In the similar way proteins are packaged in the Golgi apparatus.
school janitor	lysosomes	The Lysomes is like the school Janitor because they remove all The junk/trash in the school.
school main office	nuclear envelope	The nuclear envelope is like the Main office in the school which Allows people, and materials to Come in and out.
cabinets	vacuoles	The vacuoles is like the cabinets In the school used to store items.
school secretary	cytoplasm	Cytoplasm is like the secretary because they secretary and principal work together just like the nucleus and the cytoplasm.
restaurant floor	cytoplasm	Restaurant floor holds the table, chair and all furniture in proper place. Similarly, cell cytoplasm is a jelly like substance that keep all the organelle in cell at their proper place.
sandwich stuffing	cytoplasm	All the nutrients and ingredients are present in the stuffing of the sandwich. In the similar way all the cell organelle is and nutrients are present in the cytoplasm.
school website	chromosome	The chromosome is like the School website where all of the Information is stored and Transferred.
staff	cytosol	The cytosol is like the staff because They try to encourage the students To do the work.
factory	cell	Cell is like a factory with different sections for proper functioning.The different organelles in the cell can be compared with different sections of a factory.
transportation facility	vesicles	Vesicles help move materials, such as proteins and other molecules, from one part of a cell to another.
factory gate	cell wall	The role of gate of the factory is played by cell wall as the cell has specialized channel for entry and exit.
security guard	cell wall	Like security guard protects the house. In the same manner cell wall protects the cell.
restaurant	cells	cells are made up of parts known as organelle that help cell to function effectively and properly just like restaurant that also require several parts in order to function properly.
restaurant doors	cell membrane	The Cell Membrane controls the permeability of molecule just like the restaurant doors let people in and out of restaurant, Cell Membrane allows or controls what comes in and out of the cell
windows	cell membrane	Like windows allow only some materials to enter the room, In the similar manner cell membrane also allow only some materials to enter into the cell.
skin	cell membrane	The analogy for cell membrane can be skin because the skin surrounds the entire body just like the cell membrane surrounds the entire cell. Both the skin and the cell membrane are semi-permeable, meaning that they only allow specific substances to enter or exit the body.
front counter	golgi body	Front counter employees sort products into bags which are used inside or taken out of the restaurant. Similarly golgi bodies sort and transport substance in vesicles that are used within or discarded outside the cell.
heat content	capacitance	CAPACITANCE means how much Electrical energy can be stored. In heat transfer the Concept is called as 'Heat content'. It means how much heat energy the mass (system) can store. The capacitor discharges energy with time. The same happens in Heat transfer too. For electrical systems, A capacitor stores charge( energy) when a Voltage is applied. Similarly for heat transfer case a Mass is our capacitor which stores Thermal energy under Temperature differance. Let's take an example of Rock which gets hot during day means it stores energy and in night it becomes cool slowly . So the mass of Rock has stored energy in the form of heat energy and discharged at lower temperature.
water tank	electric current	An electric current is a stream of charged particles, such as electrons or ions, moving through an electrical conductor or space. It is measured as the net rate of flow of electric charge through a surface or into a control volume. When describing current, a common analogy is a water tank. In this analogy, charge is represented by the water amount and current is represented by the water flow.
climbing a staircase	voltage	A battery is a set of individual cells in series. Each cell features a electric potential (voltage) across it when charged. Voltage is proportional to the potential energy stored within the battery. If the cells are an equivalent type and at an equivalent state of charge, as they ought to be during a battery of cells, then their voltages are going to be an equivalent. Measuring from one end of the battery, the electric potential changes in steps of 1 cell voltage per cell. This is almost like the way the Potential Energy of a mass changes because it moves from one step to a different on a staircase
football	specialization and communication in a cell	To play the game of football strategically, players are categorized in groups like striker, midfielder, defender, etc. Different groups are specialized to perform different gameplay and still has to communicate between each other to score a goal. Likewise, a cell, is compartmentalized to carry out a diverse range of activity in the most effective way possible. In the process, similar to the game of football, all organelles of the cell are specialized to perform a specific function in the most effecient way. To complete the function, cell use multiple organelles together, so organelles are under constant communication with each other. They perform their job with minimal mistake and also communicate with each other to conduct transcription and translation and other complex activities.
hiking	kirchoff's voltage law	A person goes on a hike. No matter what path they take, if they end at the same location they started, they have walked up hill just as much as they walked down hill. Here as the person comes back to the same location he started ,we can consider his journey as a loop. Here as not the initial and final position is the same there is no change in gravitational patential of the person.This is also because the increment in potential while going uphill is same as decrement in potential while coming downhill. The same thing happens in Kirchoffs Voltage Law. The law states that the algebraic sum of potential differences in any loop must be equal to zero.
traffic jam on a highway	nature of a density wave	Density wave theory was proposed by C.C Lin and Frank Shu and this theory was proposed in order to explain the spiral arm structure of spiral galaxies. In 1964 Lin and Shu proposed that arms were not material but they are similar to traffic jam on a highway as the vehicles move through the traffic jam the density of vehicles increases in middle and makes the vehicles not to move as a result there is a high density of vehicles. If you were in one of the vehicle then it seems that you carry its high density group along with you similarly if you see this situation from helicopter it seems to be a density wave.
key hole	enzymes	Just like there is a key hole in every vehicle and only the owner's key will be able to unlock the vehicle,  the same way there are active sites on the enzyme which will bind only to specific substrates. Every lock is unlocked by it's true key in the same way an enzyme will bind to it's substrate. Each enzyme is specific for it's own substrate.
computer	human active memory system	In our day to day life we need strong and healthy memory power to make life easy and best. There are 3 basic components of memory which makes learn it easily.1) encoding 2) storage and 3) retrieval. Encoding is defined as the first step of learning information. In computer we find some data which is having large size, we make it small in size and shape it into farmat of encoding, for this we use sign & symbols. In human beings encoding is a process when our brain is trying to learn new memories. To make this process completed brain need to concentrate on the topic ecause other side brain is doing others activities too,such as control the body's different parts, imagination etc. Storage : when the information completed we need to save it, this process is called storage. In computer there are 2 types of storage.1) Ram 2) Hard drive. If we talk about human brain, so brain is a unique and huge place to save information how much you want. But the things all we need is to provide some important symbols or strategy to remember back all these information with the learning and storage process. Retrieval : In simple words we can say retrieval is a process when we want to get back information. Copmuter can get back easily the information which we want just type and select it but for brain it takes time to recall the information but if we use smarter method to save information into a brain then easily we get it.
buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers	rate-determining step of a reaction	The process consists of several steps: Waiting in line, requesting the stamps, receiving the stamps, and paying for the stamps, at a time when the line is very long, the amount of time spent in line (step - 1) largely determines how much time the overall process takes.
slowest moving car in traffic	rate-determining step of a reaction	Rate determining step determines the rate law of the chemical reaction. A reaction may consist of several elementary steps, the one which is the slowest step in the sequence of steps leading to the product formation is the rate determining step. Similarly, in flow of traffic along a narrow road, assuming the cars cannot pass one another on the road, the rate at which the car traveling is governed by the slowest moving car.
separating bees and wasps	column chromatography	There is a jar which contains several bees and wasps. we need to separate wasps from bees. Let them all fly through a tube which contains flowers but also has enough space for the bees and wasps to pass through so that they can exit the tube at the other end. Bees will be attracted to flowers and stay on them while wasps will come out of the tube first. Here wasps and bees represent mixture of proteins that need to be separated. The stationary phase of chromatography in this analogy is the flower in the tube, the mobile phase is the air through which these animals fly.The princple of separation here is the differential attraction of these animals towards the stationary phase that is the flower.
two jugglers	dynamic chemical equilibrium	A dynamic Chemical equilibrium means rate of forward reaction( ie the reactants react to give products) become equal to rate of backward reaction (ie the products can react to gives back the original reactants ), i.e. two opposing process occuring at the same rate. Here, the concentrations of reactants and products are not necessarily equal. Dynamic Chemical Equilibrium reactions occures in reversible reactions. An analogy of Dynamic Chemical Equilibrium in real life is Two Jugglers analogy. Here, each juggler throws balls or clubs to the other at the same rate he receives clubs from that person. Here clubs are thrown continuously in both directions & number of clubs moving in each direction is constant & number of clubs at each juggler has at a given time remains constant.
storage bags	vacuole	Both are used to store some material.
delivery truck	transport vesicles	Both are used to deliver the prepared material to the destination site.
car accelerator	proto-oncogenes	Generally, proto-oncogenes are the molecules which is responsible for promoting the cell cycle. In other words, they help in proliferation of new cells through cell division. Thus, proto-oncogene can be considered as an accelerator of car. When the accelerator of the car is pushed down, the car moves forwards (promoting car movement).
car accelerator stuck in down position	oncogenes	Oncogenes refer to the molecules, which can cause proliferation of cells continuously without requiring any signals. In other words, endless cell division occurs and cancer ensues. Thus, oncogene is considered as an accelerator which is stuck in down position. If accelerator is stuck in down position, the car will move forward without stopping.
car brakes	tumor suppressor genes	Tumor suppressor genes control the cell cycle by inhibiting the cell division process. Thus, these genes can be considered as brakes of a car, as they stop the car from moving forwards. If one tumor suppressor gene allele is mutated, then cell cycle disruption occurs, but can be compensated by other gene. But if both the alleles are mutated, then cell cycle progression occurs continuously leading to proliferation of cells and cancer formation. Thus, the brakes are not working (brake failure) and car moves forwards without stopping.
jenga	brittle software	The game Jenga includes expelling wood obstructs from a structure and setting the evacuated obstructs on the structure until somebody's stumble (either on expelling a piece or on putting it unstably over the destabilizing structure) prompts it slamming down. This to me is the ideal analogy for brittle software. I utilize the expression "brittle software" in this setting to mean software that engineers are hesitant to change because of a paranoid fear of breaking  it or exacerbating it.
rhinoceros	resonance hybrid	One of the most common analogies used to explain the concept of a resonance hybrid is to relate a rhinoceros to a unicorn and a dragon. Both the unicorn and the dragon are legendary creatures that originated from different traditional mythology and are believed to be real. When we think of the rhinoceros, unicorn and dragon, we find that they are like a resonance hybrid. The rhinoceros has characteristics of the unicorn and the dragon, but the actual rhinoceros can neither be explained fully by the unicorn nor by the dragon. Thus, when describing the rhinoceros, we must use the unicorn and the dragon that do not exist in reality. Thus, we can say that the unicorn and the dragon are like the resonating structures and the rhinoceros is like a resonance hybrid in the concept of resonance.
firefly in a dark room	wave mechanical model	If a firefly is in a dark room and you are watching it, it is nearly impossible to predict where you will see the firefly next. In general, if an average is taken to represent the location that is most probable for the firefly to be, it would be near the center of the room. Like the firefly, an electron of a hydrogen atom is constantly in motion and it is impossible to know its exact location or to pinpoint its location. A model can be drawn, however, which represents the most probable location of the electron which will be toward the center, or the nucleus.
listening to a game	electroencephalogram	Electroencephalogram is a noninvasive technique for brain imaging. It measures electrical activity that happens in brain using node placed on the head of the person. Since all communication inside the brain is triggered through electrical impulses, the analogy compares the listening to a game to listening to electrical activity inside the brain. The listening opens in a non- invasive manner and hence the reference to listening from outside the stadium.
photocopier machine	dna replication	Compare DNA replication with the work of a photocopier machine which generates as many number of copies as desired. The DNA Replication performed by DNA Polymerase also produces the exact number of copies. In photocopy machine, the plain paper sheets are used, in DNA replication the dNTPs are used.
book printing	dna replication	As DNA replication produce the same sequence as that of the replicating DNA same way book printing also gives us the exact copy of the same book
language translation	rna transcription	RNA transcription can be compared with the task of a person who, in order to facilitate easy comprehension is translating one script into the other. Consider a person translating Sanskrit Language into Hindi Language, which is easily comprehensible to the people of India.
language translation	protein translation	Protein translation is same as translation work done by a person, who is translating one language into the other, like translating Hebrews to English.
cities	ecosystem	Both ecosystem and cities exist due to the mutual interaction between the dwellers. Ecosystem mainly comprises of biotic factors and the cities comprises of biotic as well as abiotic factors. In cities it is very much clear that humans are dominant in every aspects but in ecosystem, the intrusion of human activities are less. It is a natural phenomena that every organisms do manipulate their environment to make their habitat. In cities human destroys most of the biotic factofor his need but in ecosysytem sustainability is of great importance.
falling dominoes	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Falling dominoes is an analogy to explain the propagation of an action potential down a neuron. This analogy works because the direction of an action potential is only one way and the direction of the dominoes falling is also only one way. The signal in both cases only moves forward so it is a perfect analogy. Falling dominoes can simulate how a nerve cell is triggered and how it sends its impulse from one end of the cell to the other.
blowing of the balloon	breathing mechanism of frogs	The blowing of the balloon can be considered as an appropriate mechanism of breathing for frog because in balloon, it is blown up as soon as one pushes or puts in air within it and the air is blown into the balloon with help of mouth. It is similar to frog because in frog the respiration is known as bucco-pharyngeal respiration. It is the mouth respiration and which takes place through the buccopharyngeal cavity. The buccal cavity consists of mucous membrane which have a huge supply of blood capillaries and it tends to absorb the oxygen. It absorbs the oxygen through the expansion and contraction of the sternohyals muscles. The oxygen enters through the moist mucous cavity and diffuses into blood capillaries. The CO2 is diffused out of the cavity and passes out through the nares as expiration takes place. As this type of respiration takes place, the desired amount of air comes in and goes out and hence this tends to be similar to the mechanism of the balloon blowing which thrust air and blows up the balloon. As the frog tends to inhale and take in the air, it tends to expand the muscles.
communication with translators	layered architecture	Assume that there are two locations namely location X and location Y. A person in location X wants to communicate with another person on location Y but the person on X knows only Dutch and the person on Y knows only French. In order to make the communication possible, the person in location X first communicates the message to another person ( Translator) in the same location X who can understand Dutch and translate it into English. This person will communicate this message to another person in the same location X who in turn will take this message to location Y and communicate it to the person who is responsible for taking this message to the translator on location Y. Finally the translator will translate the message in French and communicate it to the person on location Y.
chocolate distribution	limiting reactant and excess reactant	I have 10 chocolates which I want to distribute among 5 students. The condition is that each student should get exactly 2 chocolates. Now if I bring 15 chocolates, but the number of students is same, then still I can be able to give 10 chocolates with each student getting 2 chocolates. So number of chocolates I bring is analogous to excess reactant and number of students is analogous to limiting reactant.
working office	eukaryotic cell	In a office, there present a main office that is of Manager and there present different employees who works in their particular space ( cabins). Thus division of labor is present in an office. The main commanding and controlling system is manager office which is analogous to nucleus. The individual cabins of employees are analogous to membrane bound organelles. The office as a whole acts as eukaryotic cell. Employees works together for the command given by the manager in same way eukaryotic cells organelles work in a coordinated manner under the commands of nucleus.
self started business	prokaryotic cell	In a small business that is regulated by only one person, the person is the main commanding system. And there is no layering and division of labor. Family and friends help this individual for his work. But there is no division of labor. There is no individual employees for a particular function. This is analogous to the prokaryotic cell having no membrane bound organelles. As the small businesses is usually started and function in a small space ( like basement, room etc) thus it is analogous to no membrane bound system inside the cell. All the function is done in this space.
college library	operating systems kernel	In a computer, there are many (user) programs. These programs need resources from the computer, but do not generally bother with what other processes are running. You need the kernel to fairly apportion resources and also free the developers of individual programs of the deadweight of predetermining what else should be executing on the computer and precisely how everything else should behave. Consider a college library with just enough books that every student gets exactly one copy of the course material for his or her respective year. Without the librarian, you may get a dozen unruly freshmen pillaging the library for every book the might need till they graduate. So, now when the conscientious sophomore comes in to get his copy of the books, he finds they are all taken. Here, librarian is like the kernel.
a cup of coffee granules	limiting reactant	To prepare a nice coffee we require certain ingredients. To make a cup of coffee you require one cup of milk, one teaspoon sugar, one teaspoon coffee granules and half teaspoon chocolate. Suppose 5 friends arrive at home and want a cup of coffee. You now require the necessary ingredients. You have five cups of milk, five teaspoons of sugar, three teaspoons of coffee granules and three teaspoons of chocolate. Now you have enough milk, sugar and chocolate to prepare five cups of coffee but you have only three teaspoon of coffee granules, so you can make only three cups of coffee. If you try to make five cups of coffee your coffee granules will run out first and hence it will limit the coffee up to three cups. Thus, the coffee granules will limit the number of cups of coffee you can prepare. Here coffee granules will act as a limiting reactant. Hence we can say that the reactant which runs out first during the reaction and limits the formation of the product is a limiting reactant.
engine	limiting reactant	Suppose we are making automobile . For each engine we need 4 wheels. If we only have 4 wheels and one engine, then all wheels are used to manufacture an automobile engine. But if we have 6 wheels and one engine, then we require only 4 wheels for the engine and 2 wheels are left. Hence, 2 wheels are excess. Thus, engine is limiting reagent and wheels are excess.
zipper zip	helicase	The DNA replication enzyme helicase unwinds the double helix. In this way, helicase is similar to the zip on a zipper, because the zip separates the zipper.
hands holding open two strips of magnet	dna replication binding proteins	The DNA replication binding proteins serve to stabilize each single strand of DNA to prevent the strands from rejoining. These proteins are similar to hands holding open two strips of magnets so that they cannot touch on one end.
sewing machine	ligase	The DNA replication enzyme ligase binds adjacent DNA segments with covalent bonds. Ligase is similar to a sewing machine, as it binds two elements together.
inode	process control block	An inode block stores the metadata information of a file, same way a process control block stores the metadata information about a process. When a file is created in UNIX or Linux , the address of the file, no of links, file permission, user id , group id , file size etc are stored in the inode block same way when a process is created the process id, process state, process counter, registers etc are stored in the process control block. So it is said inode of a file is same a process control block to a process because a file cannot be generated or operated without a inode same way a process cannot be generated or operated without a process control block.
speaking	message encoding	One of the first steps to sending a message is encoding. Encoding is the process of converting information into another acceptable form, for transmission. Decoding reverses this process to interpret the information. Imagine a person calls a friend to discuss the details of a beautiful sunset. To communicate the message, she converts her thoughts into an agreed upon language. She then speaks the words using the sounds and inflections of spoken language that convey the message. Her friend listens to the description and decodes the sounds to understand the message he received.
lock and key	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Just as specific keys fit only specific locks, a molecular match between a drug and its receptor site is required for physiological function.
foot fitting in footprint	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	A receptor site is like a size 9 right foot print in the sand. Now only one foot will fit it exactly, and all other feet larger than or smaller than size 9 will not fit. The foot print in the sand is a lock and the foot that exactly fits this foot print is the key to it.
human face	monitor	An monitor has a display that shows what the computer is doing or how it feels. Just like different expressions may be seen on the human face.
brain	cpu	The CPU performs as the body's brain. The CPU is perhaps the most important part of a computer since it controls the computer in the same fashion that the brain controls the human body.
skeleton	motherboard	The motherboard operates as the computer's main structure, just like the skeleton operates as the human body's core structure.
pre-frontal lobe	ram	The RAM is a type of hardware that operates as the computer's short-term memory; similarly, the pre-frontal lobe of the brain functions as the body's short-term memory.
energy	power supply unit	The computer's power supply unit is analogous to the energy required by the human body. The computer need energy to acquire and collect information, whereas humans require nourishment to work and accomplish things.
hands	keyboard	The keyboard is a computer accessory that allows you to type commands into the computer. The hands are similar, they get instructions from the brain and may investigate items that aren't visible to the eyes.
senses	mouse	The mouse is an input device that sends external data to the computer's internal processors (CPU) and data storage devices. It is similar to the eyes, ears, and other senses in that it delivers external data to the brain.
ear	audio card	An audio card converts the information into sound. It allows users to listen to music from their computers through speakers or headphones. That's the computer's ear, which functions similarly to the human ear in converting sounds into information that the brain can grasp.
eye	video card	A video card connects to the motherboard of a computer and generates images for display. In a similar way to the mechanism, the eye connects to the brain and provides visual information from the outer world.
coral's age calculation	tree's age calculation	Certain types of corals will grow a ring of calcite during the day when the sun is out and there will be a gap of growth at night. These rings grow faster and/or thicker at certain times of the year. Each ring represents a day, and you can see yearly cycles in the growth. This allows to you to see how long the year is. Pairing this with what we know about how long a year has been through out history we can then tell exactly how old that Coral was/is and how far back in the earths history it was living. Similarly, a tree's rings are a great indicator of their age. It can be calculated using a form of half life algebra.
roller coaster	glycolysis	If investing energy is considered as pulling the coaster up the hill, then the initial steps of glycolysis when glucose is converted to glucose 6-phosphate and fructose 6-phosphate is converted to Fructose1,6-bisphosphate ATP is broken down to ADP and Pi and thus the roller coaster moves uphill. But in the next steps after production of two molecules of glyceraldehyde3-phosphate from fructose 1,6-bisphosphate, the glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate is converted to two molecules of1, 3,-diphosphoglycerate and in the process 2 NADH is made from 2 NAD+. Also in the next step from two molecules of 1, 3,-diphosphoglycerate to two molecules of  3- phosphoglycerate production 2 ATP molecules are made. These two molecules of 3 phosphoglycerate changes to two molecules of 2 phosphoglycerate and subsequently to two molecules of phosphoenolpyruvate. these two molecules of phosphoenolpyruvate changes to 2 molecules of pyruvate and forms 2 ATP in the process. So total ATP formed is 4. In the uphill task 2 ATP molecules were used, so the net gain of ATP from glycolysis is 4-2=2 ATP molecule. As ATP molecule is formed in the process, energy equivalents are made and so the roller coaster moves downhill, energy instead of being used is being made. So the rest of the ride is down the hill, along the gradient.
ball striking a plate	anti-stokes scattering	Imagine a ball striking a plate mounted on an oscillating spring. When the ball strikes the plate at the right time when the plate just passes through its center and has maximum velocity, the recoil velocity of the ball will also be maximum and it will thus possess a higher energy after reflection(analogous to shorter wavelength) thereby describing Anti-Stokes scattering.
ball striking a plate	stokes scattering	Imagine a ball striking a plate mounted on an oscillating spring. If the ball strikes out of phase to the oscillating plate when the plate is just about to come to rest at its maximum displacement, the recoil of the ball will be small and the ball will not have enough energy after reflection. Here, the ball is analogous to a photon and it implies that the ball now has less energy (larger wavelength) which paints the picture of Stokes scattering.
balls and target	median lethal dose	Suppose you have 10 targets and you have a box full of balls and you have to hit those targets by these balls. To hit the 50% of the target, number of balls required is your value of median lethal dose.
surface of a balloon	universe	Think of each gravitationally bound system as a penny, and glue a bunch of these pennies onto a balloon that is only slightly blown up. Now we blow up the balloon more. ALL of the pennies move away from each other uniformly, and those that are farther away from eaclh other move away from each other faster than those that are closer together. If you choose ANY penny on the surface, it sees ALL of the other pennies moving away from itself and it sees the ones farther away moving away faster than those close by. No penny is the center of the expansion. There IS no center to the universe. That is the way the universe works and that is what the analogy is intended to show. The fact that all the pennies move away from each other and that ones farther away move away faster and that there is no center.
lock and key	enzyme mechanism	According to this analogy , the lock is an enzyme and key works as substrate. Only the correct size of key or subsrtrate puts into the hole of the lock. Enzymes helps to bind the molecules that can be able to fit in their active site (lock) because these active sites are very particular and only some molecules known as keys are able to bind them.
finding signal in the noise	anova	If signal to noise ratio is big , reject H0. If signal to noise ratio is small, do not reject H0. Here, Signal is Variance between groups and Noise is Variance Within groups.
hypothalamus	thermostat	Consider the heating and air conditioning systems in the house, the body also has systems like that to respond environmental changes to maintain homeostasis. These mechanisms are called feedback mechanisms. A home heating system connected to a temperature-sensitive thermostat is a nonbiological example of a feedback system.A thermostat contains both the receptor and the control center.Let's consider that the thermostat is set at 68 degree Fahrenheit(20 degree C). If the house temperature drops below(68 degree F), the heating system will be triggered ON .As the furnace produces heat, the air is warmed, when the temp increases 68 degree F, the thermostat sends a signal to shut off the furnace. This is an example of a negative feedback loop. In our body hypothalamus, operates like thermostat to regulate body temperature. It can sense when body's temperature is too high or too low.The normal body temperature is 98.6 degree F. If the temperature of your body rises above 98.6 degree F, the hypothalamus senses that a change needs to be made in order to reverse the heating of the area. The hypothalamus send the information to the effectors that increase blood flow to that area. This induces perspiration and this will cool the body and return it to the normal temperature. When the body cools below 98.6 degree F, a comparable mechanism is set off which will reduce the blood flow and cause shivering. This activity generates heat through physical activity thus raising the body temperature.
water level in dam and lake	chemical equilibrium	Let's say you have a dam on a river. The water climbs up high behind the dam - this indeed represents a system of high potential energy and is used by the electricity industry to generate electricity. This situation is analogous to a system with some starting reagents of high potential energy (ie they will react with each other) but are separated. Now open the floodgates of the dam - water comes rusing out with energy able to be changed into another form(s); first kinetic energy of the water then kinetic energy of the turbines as they spin then electricity is harvested from the turbines ultimately let's say the water level in the dam reaches the water level in the lake downstream - the system is in equilbrium. Analogy to chemistry: floodgates open means reagents mixed; the forms of energy is anolgous to the varies reaction intermediaries; equilbrium is acheived when there is no net change in concentrations of the various chemical species.
water and rocks	just-in-time	As the water level reduces, the rocks that are to be removed out of the water are exposed to the people. Similarly, when the buffer stock, as in the water, reduces, the rocks or problems shall get exposed and the same needs to be fixed by letting it undergo series of processes.
police headquerters	adaptive immunity	Consider adaptive immune system as police headquerters. Weapon specialists are B cells and interrogators as T cells. Criminals are pathogens entering to the body. The head quarters have all the records of criminals and they remembers criminals .
cats, mice and cake	ohm's law	There is a cake (voltage) which is the reason for mice (electron) to move but they faced a hurdel or we can say that cat is the resistance to their path to reach that cake but that cake is a greed for the mice so they will have to move but if the hurdle (cat) is more then no mice reach to the cake as all mic might be eaten by cats so cake is not eaten by any of mice so zero amperage. But if the number of mice is more than the cats so many of the mices reach to that cake while having hurdle in their path so the number of mices per unit time that make it to cheese would be the amperage. So here conclusion is that if there were no cake then mices will not move hence no amperage so the reason for mice to move is to just a cake that is what the ohms law says "the reason for the current to flow in the circuit is the voltage"
photocopying	transcription	During transcription RNA is made from the DNA template. RNA is an exact copy of DNA except T is replaced by U. Same way during Photocopying we got the same copy of the book but the quality of the book is decreased.
xerox machine	rna polymerase	RNA polymerase carries out the process of transcription same ways Xerox machine carry out hr process of photocopying
cook	ribosome	Ribosme helps in translation to make the final product i.e. protein same way cook helps in the preparing the final dish
bookmarks	activator protein	the activator proteins helps in recognizing the gene to be synthesized same way bookmarks helps us to remind us which dish we want to make
air flowing through a tube	electric circuit	An electric circuit is like air flowing through a tube. The air is like movable charge, the flow of the air is like current, and the pressure in the air is like voltage.
rope through metal rings	electric circuit	An electric circuit is like a loop of rope going through a number of metal rings (or through pulleys or people's hands). The rope is like movable charge, its movement is like current, the rings (or pulleys or hands) are like bulbs, and tension in the rope is like voltage.
teenagers at a party	hydrophobic effect	Hydrophillic ends group together at one side ( facing outside towards polar water molecules and form hydrogen bond with polar water molecules) while the hydropobic ends group together at the other side ( facing to the interior of the membrane away from water) of the membrane much like the separate grouping of teenager's together at a teenage party with the parents away in another group due to differences in the ages ( with different likes and dislikes) of teenagers and their respective parents.
threat communication in animals	biological signal transduction	When one animal (Receptor) sees a threat (signal), it warns the other (relay), the message through noise increases as more and more animals are made aware of the threat (Transduction and amplification), the animals form groups for protection (integration) and move away from danger (distribution).
