NADH is equivalent to a courier service. In case courier service the delivery of message or any other important things can be transported. Here in a cell the NADH would transfer electron along with flavin adenine dinucleotide and will ultimately transport electrons to mitochondria where the cell can harvest the energy stored in the form of electrons.	nadh
NADH could be all things that are necessary in daily life, such as shoes, clothes, among others. NADH is necessary to perform several metabolic functions, and all items mentioned above present a similar function in daily life.	nadh
Proteins can be considered analogous to a huge high rise building with a strong foundation and can serve as a corporate hub. The corporate hub functions for the well being of the cities economy. In the same way proteins serves as a building blocks of a persons body. They are a major source of energy. These highrise buildings are responsible for the structure function and regulation of body tissues.	proteins
Proteins could be the citizens. Citizens are in all cities making different activities, as proteins that are in all cells developing different functions.	proteins
DNA can be considered analogous to the hard disk of a computer. The hard disk serves as a basis for storage of information. Like a hard disk that stores information the purpose of DNA is to store genetic information and transfer it from one generation to another.	dna
DNA could be the city files where it is possible to find the information of the city, its history, and different information about it.	dna
DNA is a code or instruction for manufacturing proteins or products.	dna
DNA- Book- Each DNA has some information which is specific to it same way each book has separate information which is present only in it.	dna
Glycogen stores energy in humans and numerous other species. This stored energy can be utilised for the biogenesis of glucose. Hence it is a perfect example of any energy storage device like rechargeable batteries where a battery can be recharged and the energy can be stored. This stored energy can be utilised for numerous other purpose.	glycogen
Glycogen could be the supermarkets. Glycogen provides a source of energy and is necessary to perform different metabolic functions in cells. Supermarkets provide food to cook meals.	glycogen
Endoplasmic reticulum could be the offices where chiefs of different departments receive the orders from the major and they derivate these orders to other people. The endoplasmic reticulum (where chiefs are) receives RNA messengers(orders) from the nucleus (major office), which indicates what proteins must be produced. The analogy is that the endoplasmic reticulum receives orders from the nucleus on how to work.	endoplasmic reticulum
The endoplasmic reticulum is like Classroom because that is where All the work gets completed.	endoplasmic reticulum
Endoplasmic Reticulum = Restaurant Kitchen\nJust like restaurant kitchen that produce several different products, Endoplasmic Reticulum produce several substances used within the cell and throughout the body like protein and fat.	endoplasmic reticulum
ENDOPLASMIC RETICULUM IS ANALOGOUS TO INDUSTRY\nBoth are the site for production of material and after that it is stored there.	endoplasmic reticulum
Golgi could be the offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government, and they organize different activities to support the organization of the city. Golgi receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum and derivate them to other places in the cell. In addition, Golgi performs other activities, supporting the cell organization.	golgi
Plasma membrane would be the edge of the city since the plasma membrane separates the inside of cells from the outside.	plasma membrane
Lysosomes can be a police station because they defend cells against virus and bacteria as well as police defends the city of criminals.	lysosome
Lysosome could be the hospitals. Lysosomes degrade everything that enters to the cells, such as viruses and bacteria because of that they can be hospitals.	lysosome
CELL PART    CITY ANALOG    EXPLANATION\nLYSOSOME    Garbage disposal    Breaks down wastes and extra materials by disposing them.	lysosome
Lysosome is like the incenerator of the factory where waste is degraded and disposed off.	lysosome
LYSOSOME IS ANALOGOUS TO STOMACH OF LIVING ORGANISM\nBoth contains digestive enzymes which are used to digest food.
Peroxisomes can protect cells again the oxidations. Peroxisomes could be the garbage delivery system since they support cell maintenance.	peroxisomes
Mitochondria could be restaurants when you can find food to eat and obtain energy. Restaurants provide prepared food; it is not necessary to cook. It is easy and fast. ATP is a molecule where cells can obtain energy in a fast way.	mitochondria
Mitochondria is like the electric station which provides electric energy to different areas of the factory for daily activities.	mitochondria
Mitochondria = Burger Drawers\nMitochondria are the power house of the cell, store energy obtain from food until organelle needs it. Burger drawers store food until it is needed for customer order.	mitochondria
MITOCHONDRIA IS ANALOGOUS TO POWER PLANT\nLight power plant generates energy in the form of electricity. Mitochondria also generates energy in the form of ATP.	mitochondria
Chloroplast could be fabrics where food is produced, such as bread, milk, meat, etc. Photosynthesis is performed in this organelle, where solar energy is used to produce carbohydrates. Both are a source of energy.	chloroplast
CELL PART    CITY ANALOG    EXPLANATION\nCHLOROPLAST    Solar energy plants    Both capture energy from the sun.	chloroplast
Chloroplast is like the kitchen of the factory where food is synthesised, present only in plants.	chloroplast
CHLOROPLAST IS ANALOGOUS TO SOLAR PANELS\nLike solar panels convert solar energy into to another form of energy. In the similar way chloroplast converts solar energy into chemical energy.	chloroplast
Cytoskeleton would be streets. Cytoskeleton supports the organization of cells and gives the cell shape. Streets have a similar function; they give shape and organization to cities.	cytoskeleton
Cytoskeleton is analogous to metal framework, elevator shaft and mail chutes of an old high rise building, which is essential for maintaining the reliability of the cell mechanically as well as imperative for transport and for signaling.	cytoskeleton
ATP could be the food ready to eat in the city. ATP provides energy and food is the same for people.	atp
ATP can be compared to the city lighting system since both provide energy to support all human activities in a city.	atp
ATP is analogous to a charged battery. When a phosphate group is added to ADP, ATP is formed. ADP contains some energy, although not as much as ATP. ADP= incompletely charged battery which can be fully charged by the adding of phosphate group to it. Subsequently it becomes the fully charged battery, ATP.	atp
I use money as an analogy in my introductory Biology courses for ATP. This is a good analogy because money has "purchasing potential" like ATP has chemical potential energy, cash is also a common way to transfer value that everyone accepts (I can't pay my rent by teaching to landlord, so my employer gives me money that I can give to my landlord) just like ATP is the most frequent way to transfer energy from the covalent bonds in food molecules to the systems that need energy.	atp
NADPH is similar to a bus, carrying electrons to the Calvin Cycle.	nadph
CELL PART    CITY ANALOG    EXPLANATION\nPEROXYSOME    Street cleaners    Both work to keep city/cell clean.	peroxysome
CELL PART    CITY ANALOG    EXPLANATION\nMYTOCHONDRIA    Power point    Provides energy to give power to the city/cell.	mytochondria
Electric forces are an example of non contact forces. They are exerted by charged bodies. The charged bodies are said to posses an invisible electric field. And it is the interaction of these electric fields that leads to bodies experiencing the electric forces without being in physical contact with each other.\nAs an analogy we will deal with comb and pieces of paper. If we comb our hair when it is dry and bring it near pieces of paper, then the comb will attract the pieces of paper. But if you just simply bring a comb without rubbing it then there is no effect on the pieces of paper. What actually happens here is that, before rubbing the comb, it is electrically neutral, so there is no effect on the pieces of paper, but when we rub it through our dry hair, then the act of rubbing, electrically charges up the comb, as a result of which, there is generation of electric forces. These forces are then responsible for attracting the bits of paper without coming into contact with them.	electric forces
The probability map for the hydrogen electron is called an orbital. The probability of finding electron decreases as the distance increases from the nucleus but it never becomes zero even at great distance from nucleus.\nThis description is analogy to the earth’s atmosphere. There is no sharp boundary between the earth’s atmosphere and outer space. The atmosphere fades away gradually, but there are always a few molecules present.\nBecause the edge of an orbital is “fuzzy,” an orbital does not have an exactly defined size. So chemists arbitrarily define its size as the sphere that contains  of the total electron probability. This means that the electron spends  of the time inside this surface and somewhere outside this surface.	hydrogen electron's orbital
Lets consider a police station. The police station itself can be considered as the body of the person. Our human body is provided with skin, mucous membrane, hair, etc which acts as the first line of defense in the form of physical barriers. The walls of the police station resembles the skin, the fencing outside the police station acts as the hairs which becomes analogous to the first line of defense.	first line of defense in the body
If a pathogen or disease causing agent enters into the body, it is first detected by the macrophages and the T-helper cells. The later cells are responsible for initiating a signalling mechanism in order to mediate the activity of the antibodies which are being synthesized by the B-lymphocytes. Lets consider the guards that are present at the entry gate to be the macrophages. If any criminal tries to enter the station to create nuisance, the guards will try to eliminate him before to avoid any harm.	macrophages
Lets consider a police station. If a pathogen or disease causing agent enters into the body, it is first detected by the macrophages and the T-helper cells. The later cells are responsible for initiating a signalling mechanism in order to mediate the activity of the antibodies which are being synthesized by the B-lymphocytes. The T-helper cells are seen to be analogous to the constables who record the complaints and and on that basis a particular action is taken. The constable communicates with the police officer to arrest the criminal.	t-helper cells
Lets consider a police station. The police inspector may act as a B-lymphocytes which will try to neutralise the activity of the criminal.	b-lymphocytes
Lets consider a police station. The police inspector may act as a B-lymphocytes which will try to neutralise the activity of the criminal. Some other cells that are being activated are the Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes which are responsible for pore formation within the cells. If the police inspector is not able to control the criminal, a strong action force is needed which will be considered as the Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes. Their activity is to directly terminate the criminal.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes
The invasion of bacterias through cracked or injured tissues reminds me of colonial invasion in a country. First they try to find a loop hole to negotiate and place their significant role in the internal machinery of that country and then plan to grow and develope using resources from the host countries.How ever there is an alwasa a rebelion that fights them out sooner or later. Likewise pathogens invade through loop holes of the physical barrier or unhealthy habits and use Host's resources to grow and reproduce. However there are immune systems that help eliminating them sooner or later . When some pathogens are very strong and complicated ,immune system may not be able to eliminate them like strong colonisation upon some very weak country.	invasion of bacterias
Think of action potential as an assembly line. Goes at a fixed speed at all points, can be sped up and down, and has a refractory period before a new item is introduced on it.	action potential
Two cars full of people took a day trip. Car A had a lot of little kids and stopped at lots of rest stops and gas stations to give them a break. Car B had just adults in it, and only stopped once. Of course Car B got to the destination first. we can consider the compounds that are more polar as kids which interact with the polar surface of silica and stops a lot so reach the destination after the less polar compounds which interact less with the polar silica surface hence stop fewer times like an adults car and reach the destination first. so we can say that less polar compounds reach the destination first and then more polar compounds reach.	experiment of chromatography
In the cars, the time of a driving a car depends upon the amount of fuel in it and rate of consummation of fuel. The more the fuel in car, more time it travel. if the rate of consummation of fuel is more, it travel less time. Same in stars, as the mass of star is high, fuel is more. As the luminosity of stars more than low mass stars, then they turnoff from the main sequence faster than low mass star. They rate of loss of fuel fast and their lifetime in main sequence smaller than low mass stars. So, they are analogous to the automobiles.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars
A Cell Is Like A School\nA nucleus is like the principals Because he is in charge of what Goes on in the school.	nucleus
Cell is like a factory with different sections for proper functioning.The different organelles in the cell can be compared with different sections of a factory. Nucleus can be compared with the manager of the factory which provides instructions for proper functioning, and it is separated from the working area of the factory.	nucleus
Nucleus = Restaurant Manager\nAs the manager control all the things happen inside the restaurant, so does the nucleus control what happens inside the cell.	nucleus
NUCLEUS IS ANALOGOUS TO THE BRAIN OF THE LIVING ORGANISMS\nBoth brain and nucleus controls all the functions of body and cell respectively. Without the permission of brain and nucleus no function can take place.	nucleus
nucleus- Library- As Nucleus have all the information regarding all the gene same way library has many books on different field	nucleus
A Cell Is Like A School\nA nucleus is like the principals Because he is in charge of what Goes on in the school. The ribosome is like the vice- Principal because it takes orders from The principal and helps run the School.	ribosomes
Ribosomes = Hamburger cook\nRibosomes are the site of protein synthesis similar to hamburger are made by cook	ribosomes
RIBOSOMES IS ANALOGOUS TO MACHINES\nBoth are used to synthesise materials like proteins in ribosome and cloth in machines.	ribosomes
A Cell Is Like A School. The Golgi Apparatus is like the Teacher. The teachers helps the Students (endoplasmic rediculom) get their work done.	golgi apparatus
GOLGI APPARATUS IS ANALOGOUS TO THE CONTAINER BOXES\nLike the materials prepared are packed and managed in the boxes so that it can reach its proper destination. In the similar way proteins are packaged in the Golgi apparatus.	golgi apparatus
A Cell Is Like A School. The Lysomes is like the school Janitor because they remove all The junk/trash in the school.	lysosomes
A Cell Is Like A School. The nuclear envelope is like the Main office in the school which Allows people, and materials to Come in and out.	nuclear envelope
A Cell Is Like A School. The vacuoles is like the cabinets In the school used to store items.	vacuoles
A Cell Is Like A School. Cytoplasm is like the secretary because they secretary and principal work together just like the nucleus and the cytoplasm.	cytoplasm
Cytoplasm = Restaurant floor\nRestaurant floor holds the table, chair and all furniture in proper place. Similarly, cell cytoplasm is a jelly like substance that keep all the organelle in cell at their proper place.	cytoplasm
CYTOPLASM IS ANALOGOUS TO THE STUFFING IN THE SANDWICH\nAll the nutrients and ingredients are present in the stuffing of the sandwich. In the similar way all the cell organelle is and nutrients are present in the cytoplasm.	cytoplasm
A Cell Is Like A School. The chromosome is like the School website where all of the Information is stored and Transferred.	chromosome
A Cell Is Like A School. The cytosol is like the staff because They try to encourage the students To do the work.	cytosol
Cell is like a factory with different sections for proper functioning.The different organelles in the cell can be compared with different sections of a factory.	cell
Vesicles are like a transportation facility as they help move materials, such as proteins and other molecules, from one part of a cell to another.	vesicles
Cell is like a factory with different sections for proper functioning.The different organelles in the cell can be compared with different sections of a factory. The role of campus and gate of the factory is played by cell wall as the cell has specialized channel for entry and exit.	cell wall
CELL WALL IS ANALOGOUS TO THE SECURITY GUARD\nLike security guard protects the house. In the same manner cell wall protects the cell.	cell wall
Cell = Restaurant\nCells are made up of parts known as organelle that help cell to function effectively and properly just like restaurant that also require several parts in order to function properly.	cells
Cell Membrane = Doors\nThe Cell Membrane controls the permeability of molecule just like the restaurant doors let people in and out of restaurant, Cell Membrane allows or controls what comes in and out of the cell	cell membrane
CELL MEMBRANE IS ANALOGOUS TO THE WINDOWS AND WALL OF THE HOUSE\nLike windows and wall allows only some materials to enter the room. In the similar manner cell membrane also allow only some materials to enter into the cell.	cell membrane
The analogy for cell membrane can be Skin. Because the skin surrounds the entire body just like the cell membrane surrounds the entire cell. Both the skin and the cell membrane are semi-permeable, meaning that they only allow specific substances to enter or exit the body.	skin
Golgi body = front counter\nFront counter employees sort products into bags which are used inside or taken out of the restaurant. Similarly golgi bodies sort and transport substance in vesicles that are used within or discarded outside the cell.	golgi body
In electrical systems CAPACITANCE means ' how much Electrical energy can be stored.Analogous to this..\nC = Q/V\nhere C -capacitance, Q - charge , V- voltage\nIn heat transfer the Concept is called as ' Heat content' . It means how much heat energy the mass (system) can store .\nCt = m .Cp\nhere Ct -thermal capacitace ( heat content) and m - mass , Cp - specific heat.\nThe capacitor discharges energy with time .The same happens in Heat transfer too.\nEg . 1. For electrical systems A capacitor stores charge( energy) when a Voltage is applied.\nSimilarly for heat transfer case a Mass is our capacitor which stores Thermal energy under Temperature differance.\nLet's take an example of Rock which gets hot during day means it stores energy and in night it becomes cool slowly . So the mass of Rock has stored energy in the form of heat energy and discharged at lower temperature.	capacitance
An electric current is a stream of charged particles, such as electrons or ions, moving through an electrical conductor or space. It is measured as the net rate of flow of electric charge through a surface or into a control volume.\nWhen describing current, a common analogy is a water tank. In this analogy, charge is represented by the water amount and current is represented by the water flow. So for this analogy, remember:\nWater = Charge\nFlow = Current	electric current
The electric potential across each cell is like going up (or down) one step on the staircase.\nExplanation:A battery is a set of individual cells in series.\nEach cell features a electric potential (voltage) across it when charged. Voltage is proportional to the P.E. stored within the battery (Volts x Amp-hours = energy)\nIf the cells are an equivalent type and at an equivalent state of charge, as they ought to be during a battery of cells, then their voltages are going to be an equivalent .\nMeasuring from one end of the battery, the electric potential changes in steps of 1 cell voltage per cell.\nThis is almost like the way the P.E. of a mass changes because it moves from one step to a different on a staircase	voltage
To play the game of football strategically, players are categorized in groups like striker, midfielder, defender, etc. Different groups are specialized to perform different gameplay and still has to communicate between each other to score a goal. Likewise, a cell, is compartmentalized to carry out a diverse range of activity in the most effective way possible. In the process, similar to the game of football, all organelles of the cell are specialized to perform a specific function in the most effecient way. To complete the function, cell use multiple organelles together, so organelles are under constant communication with each other. They perform their job with minimal mistake and also communicate with each other to conduct transcription and translation and other complex activities.	specialization and communication in a cell
A person goes on a hike. No matter what path they take, if they end at the same location they started, they have walked up hill just as much as they walked down hill. Here as the person comes back to the same location he started ,we can consider his journey as a loop. Here as not the initial and final position is the same there is no change in gravitational patential of the person.This is also because the increment in potential while going uphill is same as decrement in potential while coming downhill.	kirchoff's voltage law
Density wave theory was proposed by C.C Lin and Frank Shu and this theory was proposed in order to explain the spiral arm structure of spiral galaxies. Actually astronomers thought that arms of spiral galaxies were material. If this is the case then the arms would become indistinguishable from the galaxy after a few orbits and this creates a problem called winding problem. In 1964 Lin and Shu proposed that arms were not material but they are similar to traffic jam on a highway as the vehicles move through the traffic jam the density of vehicles increases in middle and makes the vehicles not to move as a result there is a high density of vehicles. If you were in one of the vehicle then it seems that you carry its high density group along with you similarly if you see this situation from helicopter it seems to be a density wave.	nature of a density wave
Just like there is a key hole in every vehicle. Only the owner's key will be able to unlock the vehicle. The same way there are active sites on the enzyme which will bind only to specific substrates.	enzymes
As a human beings we know the importance of memory. In our day to day life we need strong and healthy memory power to make life easy and best. There are 3 basic components of memory which makes learn it easily.1) encoding 2) storage and 3) retrieval.\nEncoding : it is defined as the first step of learning information.In computer we find some data which is having large size,we make it small in size and shape it into farmat of encoding, for this we use sign & symbols.Decoding is an other process through which we can transfer the data in original language.\nIn human beings encoding is a process when our brain trying to learn new memories.to make this process completed brain need to concentrate on the topic.Because other side brain is doing others activities too,such as control the body's different parts, imagination etc.\nStorage : when the information completed we need to save it.this process is called storage.in computer there are 2 types of storage.1) Ram 2) Hard drive.if we talk about human brain so brain is a unique and huge place to save information how much you want.But the things all we need is to provide some important symbols or strategy to remember back all these information with the learning and storage process.\nRetrieval : in simple words we ca say retrieval is a process when we want to get back information.copmuter can get back easily the information which we want just type and select it.but for brain it takes time to recall the information but if we use smarter method to save information into a brain then easily we get it.	human active memory system
In a reaction mechanism consisting of more than one elementary step, the rate law for the overall process is given by the rate determining step, which is the slowest step in the sequence. 
An analogy for a process, which there is a rate determining to buy stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers. The process consists of several steps: Waiting in line, requesting the stamps, receiving the stamps, and paying for the stamps, at a time when the line is very long, the amount of time spent in line (step - 1) largely determines how much time the overall process takes.	rate-determining step of a reaction
Rate determining step determines the rate law of the chemical reaction. A reaction may consist of several elementary steps, the one which is the slowest step in the sequence of steps leading to the product formation is the rate determining step. An example to illustrate the rate determining step:- Flow of traffic along a narrow road assuming the cars cannot pass one another on the road, the rate at which the car traveling is governed by the slowest moving car.	rate-determining step of a reaction
There is a jar which contains several bees and wasps. we need to separate wasps from bees. Let them all fly through a tube which contains flowers but also has enough space for the bees and wasps to pass through so that they can exit the tube at the other end. Bees will be attracted to flowers and stay on them while wasps will come out of the tube first. Here wasps and bees represent mixture of proteins that need to be separated. The stationary phase of chromatography in this analogy is the flower in the tube, the mobile phase is the air through which these animals fly.The princple of separation here is the differential attraction of these animals towards the stationary phase that is the flower.	column chromatography
A dynamic Chemical equilibrium means rate of forward reaction( ie the reactants react to give products) become equal to rate of backward reaction (ie the products can react to gives back the original reactants ) . ie two opposing process occuring at the same rate .Here  the concentrations of reactants and products are not necessarily equal. Dynamic Chemical Equilibrium reactions occures in reversible reactions. An analogy of Dynamic Chemical Equilibrium in real life:\nAn analogy of Dynamic Chemical Equilibrium in real life is Two Jugglers analogy:\nHere each jugglers throws balls or clubs to the other at the same rate he receives clubs from that person.Here clubs are thrown continuously in both directions & number of clubs moving in each direction is constant & number of clubs at each juggler has at a given time remains constant	dynamic chemical equilibrium
VACUOLE IS ANALOGOUS TO STORAGE BAGS.\nBoth are used to store some material.	vacuole
TRANSPORT VESICLES IS ANALOGOUS TO THE DELIVERY TRUCK\nBoth are used to deliver the prepared material to the destination site.	transport vesicles
Generally, proto-oncogenes are the molecules which is responsible for promoting the cell cycle. In other words, they help in proliferation of new cells through cell division. Thus, proto-oncogene can be considered as an accelerator (compared to accelerator of car). When the accelerator of the car is pushed down, the car moves forwards (promoting car movement).	proto-oncogenes
Oncogenes refer to the molecules, which can cause proliferation of cells continuously without requiring any signals. In other words, endless cell division occurs and cancer ensues. Thus, oncogene is considered as an accelerator which is stuck in down position. If accelerator is stuck in down position, the car will move forward without stopping.	oncogenes
Tumor suppressor genes control the cell cycle by inhibiting the cell division process. Thus, these genes can be considered as brakes of a car, as they stop the car from moving forwards. If one tumor suppressor gene allele is mutated, then cell cycle disruption occurs, but can be compensated by other gene. But if both the alleles are mutated, then cell cycle progression occurs continuously leading to proliferation of cells and cancer formation. This, the brakes are not working (brake failure) and car moves forwards without stopping.	tumor suppressor genes
The game Jenga includes expelling wood obstructs from a structure and setting the evacuated obstructs on the structure until somebody's stumble (either on expelling a piece or on putting it unstably over the destabilizing structure) prompts it slamming down. This to me is the ideal analogy for brittle software. I utilize the expression "brittle software" in this setting to mean software that engineers are hesitant to change because of a paranoid fear of breaking  it or exacerbating it.	brittle software. 
One of the most common analogies used to explain the concept of a resonance hybrid is to relate a rhinoceros to a unicorn and a dragon. Both the unicorn and the dragon are legendary creatures that originated from different traditional mythology and are believed to be real. When we think of the rhinoceros, unicorn and dragon, we find that they are like a resonance hybrid.\nThe rhinoceros has characteristics of the unicorn and the dragon, but the actual rhinoceros can neither be explained fully by the unicorn nor by the dragon. Thus, when describing the rhinoceros, we must use the unicorn and the dragon that do not exist in reality. Thus, we can say that the unicorn and the dragon are like the resonating structures and the rhinoceros is like a resonance hybrid in the concept of resonance.	resonance hybrid
If a firefly is in a dark room and you are watching it, it is nearly impossible to predict where you will see the firefly next. In general, if an average is taken to represent the location that is most probable for the firefly to be, it would be near the center of the room. Like the firefly, an electron of a hydrogen atom is constantly in motion and it is impossible to know its exact location or to pinpoint its location. A model can be drawn, however, which represents the most probable location of the electron which will be toward the center, or the nucleus.	wave mechanical model
EEG or Electroencephalogram is a noninvasive technique for brain imaging. It measures electrical activity that happens in brain using node placed on the head of the person. Since all communication inside the brain is triggered through electrical impulses, the analogy compares the listening to a game to listening to electrical activity inside the brain. The listening opens in a non- invasive manner and hence the reference to listening from outside the stadium.	electroencephalogram
Compare DNA replication with the work of a photocopier machine which generates as many number of copies as desired. The DNA Replication performed by DNA Polymerase also produces the exact number of copies. In photocopy machine, the plain paper sheets are used, in DNA replication the dNTPs are used.	dna replication
DNA replication - Book printing- As DNA replication produce the same sequence as that of the replicating DNA same way book printing also gives us the exact copy of the same book.	dna replication
RNA transcription can be compared with the task of a person who, in order to facilitate easy comprehension is transcibing one script into the other. Consider a person transcribing Sanskrit Language into Hindi Language, which is easily comprehensible to the people of India.	rna transcription
Protein translation is same as translation work done by a person, who is translating one language into the other, like translating Hebrews to English.	protein translation
Both ecosystem and cities exist due to te mutual interaction between the dwellers. Ecosystem mainly comprises of biotic factors and the cities comprises of biotic as well as abiotic factors. In cities it is very much clear that humans are dominant in every aspects but in ecosystem, the intrusion of human activities are less. It is a natural phenomena that every organisms do manipulate their environment to make their habitat. In cities human destroys most of the biotic factofor his need but in ecosysytem sustainability is of great importance.	ecosystem
"Falling dominoes" is an analogy to explain the propagation of an action potential down a neuron. This analogy works because the direction of an action potential is only one way and the direction of the dominoes falling is also only one way. The signal in both cases only moves forward so it is a perfect analogy. Falling dominoes can simulate how a nerve cell is triggered and how it sends its impulse from one end of the cell to the other.	falling dominoes
The blowing of the balloon can be considered as an appropriate mechanism of breathing for frog because in balloon, it is blown up as soon as one pushes or puts in air within it and the air is blown into the balloon with help of mouth. It is similar to frog because in frog the respiration is known as bucco-pharyngeal respiration. It is the mouth respiration and which takes place through the buccopharyngeal cavity. The buccal cavity consists of mucous membrane which have a huge supply of blood capillaries and it tends to absorb the oxygen. It absorbs the oxygen through the expansion and contraction of the sternohyals muscles. The oxygen enters through the moist mucous cavity and diffuses into blood capillaries. The CO2 is diffused out of the cavity and passes out through the nares as expiration takes place. As this type of respiration takes place, the desired amount of air comes in and goes out and hence this tends to be similar to the mechanism of the balloon blowing which thrust air and blows up the balloon. As the frog tends to inhale and take in the air, it tends to expand the muscles.	breathing mechanism of frogs
A protocol stack is a set of protocols that work together to transmit information from one computer to another. The analogy for the layered architecture is as follows: Assume that there are two locations namely location X and location Y. A person in location X wants to communicate with another person on location Y but the person on X knows only Dutch and the person on Y knows only French. In order to make the communication possible, the person in location X first communicates the message to another person ( Translator) in the same location X who can understand Dutch and translate it into English. This person will communicate this message to another person in the same location X who in turn will take this message to location Y and communicate it to the person who is responsible for taking this message to the translator on location Y. Finally the translator will translate the message in French and communicate it to the person on location Y.	layered architecture
Any reaction occurs according to a stoichiometry. This means moles of reactants needed and moles of product that will form from the given reactants is fixed. However if one reactant is taken in more stoichiometric amount than the other, then the other reactant is the limiting reactant and the reactant whose excess has been taken, is the excess reagent.\nThis can be best understood by this example.\nI have 10 chocolates which I want to distribute among 5 students. The condition is that each student should get exactly 2 chocolates.\nNow if I bring 15 chocolates, but the number of students is same, then still I can be able to give 10 chocolates with each student getting 2 chocolates. So number of chocolates I bring is analogous to excess reagent and number of students is analogous to limiting reagent.	limiting reactant and excess reactant
In a office there present a main office that is of Manager and there present different employees who works in their particular space ( cabins). Thus division of labor is present in an office. The main commanding and controlling system is manager office which is analogous to nucleus. The individual cabins of employees are analogous to membrane bound organelles. The office as a whole acts as eukaryotic cell. Employees works together for the command given by the manager in same way eukaryotic cells organelles work in a coordinated manner under the commands of nucleus.	eukaryotic cell
In a small businesses that is regulated by only one person( owner) the person is the main commanding system. And there is no layering and division of labor. Family and friends help this individual for his work. But there is no division of labor.\nThere is no individual employees for a particular function , this is analogous to the prokaryotic cell having no membrane bound organelles. As the small businesses is usually started and function in a small space ( like basement, room etc) thus it is analogous to no membrane bound system inside the cell. All the function is done in this space.	prokaryotic cell
Since an OS is kernel + shell, since the shell is often has a blurry definition. In a computer, there are many (user) programs. These programs need resources from the computer, but do not generally bother with what other processes are running. You need the kernel to fairly apportion resources and also free the developers of individual programs of the deadweight of predetermining what else should be executing on the computer and precisely how everything else should behave.\nConsider a college library with just enough books that every student gets exactly one copy of the course material for his or her respective year. Without the librarian, you may get a dozen unruly freshmen pillaging the library for every book the might need till they graduate. So, now when the conscientious sophomore comes in to get his copy of the books, he finds they are all taken. Here, librarian is like the kernel.	operating systems kernel
To prepare a nice coffee we require certain ingredients. To make a cup of coffee you require one cup of milk, one teaspoon sugar, one teaspoon coffee granules and half teaspoon chocolate. Suppose 5 friends arrive at home and want a cup of coffee. You now require the necessary ingredients. You have five cups of milk, five teaspoons of sugar, three teaspoons of coffee granules and three teaspoons of chocolate. Now you have enough milk, sugar and chocolate to prepare five cups of coffee but you have only three teaspoon of coffee granules, so you can make only three cups of coffee. If you try to make five cups of coffee you coffee granules will run out first and hence it will limit the coffee up to three cups. Thus, the coffee granules will limit the number of cups of coffee you can prepare. Here coffee granules will act as a limiting reactant. Hence we can say that the reactant which runs out first during the reaction and limits the formation of the product is a limiting reactant.	limiting reactant
The limiting reagent is the reactant which determines the maximum amount of the formed product. After it runs out, the reactant cannot proceed further. It "limits" the reaction. When calculating the maximum amount of product formation always start calculations with the limiting reagent because it determines how much product can be made.\nThe analogy of automobile wheel can be used to explain the student as,\nSuppose we are making automobile . For each engine we need 4 wheels. If we only have 4 wheels and one engine, then all wheels are used to manufacturing an automobile engine. But if we have 6 wheels and one engine, then we requires only 4 wheels for the engine and 2 wheels are left. Hence, 2 wheels are excess. Thus, engine is limiting reagent and wheels are excess.	limiting reactant
The DNA replication enzyme helicase unwinds the double helix. In this way, helicase is similar to the zip on a zipper, because the zip separates the zipper.	helicase
The DNA replication binding proteins serve to stabilize each single strand of DNA to prevent the strands from rejoining. These proteins are similar to hands holding open two strips of magnets so that they cannot touch on one end.	dna replication binding proteins
The DNA replication enzyme ligase binds adjacent DNA segments with covalent bonds. Ligase is similar to a sewing machine, as it binds two elements together.	ligase
An inode block stores the metadata information of a file, same way a PCB stores the metadata information about a process.\nWhen a file is created in UNIX or Linux , the address of the file, no of links, file permission, user id , group id , file size etc are stored in the inode block same way when a process is created the process id, process state, process counter, registers etc are stored in the PCB.\nSo it is said inode of a file is same a PCB to a process because a file cannot be generated or operated without a inode same way a process cannot be generated or operated without a PCB.	process control block
One of the first steps to sending a message is encoding. Encoding is the process of converting information into another acceptable form, for transmission. Decoding reverses this process to interpret the information.	message encoding
The lock and key analogy is oftened used to describe the interaction of drugs and receptor sites. Just as specific keys fit only specific locks, a molecular match between a drug and its receptor site is required for physiological function.We can explain this process by using another analogy where we take a receptor site like a size 9 right foot print in the sand. Now only one foot will fit it exactly, and all other feet larger than or smaller than size 9 will not fit. The foot print in the sand is a lock and the foot that exactly fits this foot print is the key to it.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites
A receptor site is like a size 9 right foot print in the sand. Now only one foot will fit it exactly, and all other feet larger than or smaller than size 9 will not fit. The foot print in the sand is a lock and the foot that exactly fits this foot print is the key to it.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites
An monitor has a display that shows what the computer is doing or how it feels. Just like different expressions may be seen on the human face.	monitor
The CPU performs as the body's brain. The CPU is perhaps the most important part of a computer since it controls the computer in the same fashion that the brain controls the human body.	cpu
The motherboard operates as the computer's main structure, just like the skeleton operates as the human body's core structure.	motherboard
The RAM is a type of hardware that operates as the computer's short-term memory; similarly, the pre-frontal lobe of the brain functions as the body's short-term memory.	ram
The computer's power supply unit is analogous to the energy required by the human body. The computer need energy to acquire and collect information, whereas humans require nourishment to work and accomplish things.	power supply unit
The keyboard is a computer accessory that allows you to type commands into the computer. The hands are similar, they get instructions from the brain and may investigate items that aren't visible to the eyes.	keyboard
The mouse is an input device that sends external data to the computer's internal processors (CPU) and data storage devices. It is similar to the eyes, ears, and other senses in that it delivers external data to the brain.	mouse
An audio card converts the information into sound. It allows users to listen to music from their computers through speakers or headphones. That's the computer's ear, which functions similarly to the human ear in converting sounds into information that the brain can grasp.	audio card
A video card connects to the motherboard of a computer and generates images for display. In a similar way to the mechanism, the eye connects to the brain and provides visual information from the outer world.	video card
Certain types of corals will grow a ring of calcite during the day when the sun is out and there will be a gap of growth at night. These rings grow faster and/or thicker at certain times of the year. Each ring represents a day, and you can see yearly cycles in the growth. This allows to you to see how long the year is. Pairing this with what we know about how long a year has been through out history we can then tell exactly how old that Coral was/is and how far back in the earths history it was living.	tree's age calculation
If investing energy is considered as pulling the coaster up the hill, then the initial steps of glycolysis when glucose is converted to glucose 6-phosphate and fructose 6-phosphate is converted to Fructose1,6-bisphosphate ATP is broken down to ADP and Pi and thus the roller coaster moves uphill. but in the next steps after production of two molecules of glyceraldehyde3-phosphate from fructose 1,6-bisphosphate, the glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate is converted to two molecules of1, 3,-diphosphoglycerate and in the process 2 NADH is made from 2 NAD+.\nalso in the next step from two molecules of 1, 3,-diphosphoglycerate to two molecules of  3- phosphoglycerate production 2 ATP molecules are made.\nthese two molecules of 3 phosphoglycerate changes to two molecules of 2 phosphoglycerate and subsequently to two molecules of phosphoenolpyruvate. these two molecules of phosphoenolpyruvate changes to 2 molecules of pyruvate and forms 2 ATP in the process. So total ATP formed is 4.\nIn the uphill task 2 ATP molecules were used, so the net gain of ATP from glycolysis is 4-2=2 ATP molecule. as ATP molecule is formed in the process, energy equivalents are made and so the roller coaster moves downhill, energy instead of being used is being made.\nso the rest of the ride is down the hill, along the gradient.	glycolysis
Anti-Stokes scattering is when incident light of a given wavelength excites the molecule from an already excited state to a virtual state and the molecule relaxes to the ground state. This stokes scattering gives a wavelength which is shorter than the incident (thus higher energy than incident photon), Rayleigh wavelength. The classical picture of Raman scattering (Stokes and Anti-Stokes scattering) can be imagined through an analogy (however it has many drawbacks and should hence not be taken seriously at its entirety):\nImagine a ball striking a plate mounted on an oscillating spring. When the ball strikes the plate at the right time when the plate just passes through its center and has maximum velocity, the recoil velocity of the ball will also be maximum and it will thus possess a higher energy after reflection(analogous to shorter wavelength) thereby describing Anti-Stokes scattering.
Stokes scattering is when incident light of a given wavelength excites the molecule from the ground state to a virtual state and the molecule relaxes to a state which has higher energy than the ground state. This stokes scattering gives a wavelength which is longer than the incident wavelength of light (thus lesser energy than the incident photon), Rayleigh wavelength.	This is the Quantum Mechanical picture. The classical picture of Raman scattering (Stokes and Anti-Stokes scattering) can be imagined through an analogy (however it has many drawbacks and should hence not be taken seriously at its entirety):\nImagine a ball striking a plate mounted on an oscillating spring. If the ball strikes out of phase to the oscillating plate when the plate is just about to come to rest at its maximum displacement, the recoil of the ball will be small and the ball will not have enough energy after reflection. Here, the ball is analogous to a photon and it implies that the ball now has less energy (larger wavelength) which paints the picture of Stokes scattering.	stokes scattering
Suppose you have 10 target and you have a box full of balls and you have to hit those targets by these balls. To hit the 50% off the target number of balls required is your value of median lethal dose.	median lethal dose
Think of each gravitationally bound system as a penny, and glue a bunch of these pennies onto a balloon that is only slightly blown up. Now we blow up the balloon more. ALL of the pennies move away from each other uniformly, and those that are farther away from eaclh other move away from each other faster than those that are closer together. If you choose ANY penny on the surface, it sees ALL of the other pennies moving away from itself and it sees the ones farther away moving away faster than those close by. No penny is the center of the expansion. There IS no center to the universe. That is the way the universe works and that is what the analogy is intended to show. The fact that all the pennies move away from each other and that ones farther away move away faster and that there is no center.	universe
Using the analogy of lock and key was first given in 1894 by the scientist Emil Fischer. According to this analogy , the lock is an enzyme and key works as substrate. Only the correct size of key or subsrtrate puts into the hole of the lock. Enzymes helps to bind the molecules that can be able to fit in their active site (lock) because these active sites are very particular and only some molecules known as keys are able to bind them.	enzyme mechanism
An analogy for anova is finding signal in the noise. If signal to noise ratio big , reject H0\nIf signal to noise ratio small, do not reject H0\nSignal = Variance between groups\nNoise = Variance Within groups	anova
Consider the heating and air conditioning systems in the house, the body also has systems like that to respond environmental changes to maintain homeostasis. These mechanisms are called feedback mechanisms.\nA home heating system connected to a temperature-sensitive thermostat is a nonbiological example of a feedback system.A thermostat contains both the receptor and the control center.Let's consider that the thermostat is set at 68 degree Fahrenheit(20 degree C). If the house temperature drops below(68 degree F), the heating system will be triggered ON .As the furnace produces heat, the air is warmed, when the temp increases 68 degree F, the thermostat sends a signal to shut off the furnace. This is an example of a negative feedback loop.\nIn our body hypothalamus, operates like thermostat to regulate body temperature. It can sense when body's temperature is too high or too low.The normal body temperature is 98.6 degree F. If the temperature of your body rises above 98.6 degree F, the hypothalamus senses that a change needs to be made in order to reverse the heating of the area. The hypothalamus send the information to the effectors that increase blood flow to that area. This induces perspiration and this will cool the body and return it to the normal temperature. When the body cools below 98.6 degree F, a comparable mechanism is set off which will reduce the blood flow and cause shivering. This activity generates heat through physical activity thus raising the body temperature.	thermostat
The Just-in-Time concept means a business module that needs to respond to ever changing market demand, and has a shorter product life cycle for which, in order to remain competitive, the manufacturer has to cut upon the production lead time, reduce transportation time as well as the set-up time. The management of the same can only fruitful if the batch sizes is reduced and the inventory level in production as well as in transportation systems are in control. One way to control the same is to reduce the buffer stock of the inventory. The stock in hand should be as much as required for the manufacturing process in actual, while there should be minimum buffer available as more the buffer, more the cost of carrying. To eliminate the buffer stock, the “water and the rocks” analogy is used.\nAs the water level reduces, the rocks are exposed to the people that are to be removed out of the water. Similarly, when the buffer stock as in the water reduces, the rocks in terms of problems shall get exposed and the same needs to be fixed by letting it undergo series of processes.	just-in-time
adaptive immunity is an aquired immune response .the function is to destroy invading paathogens and any toxic molecules they produce ,there are two types of adaptive responces carried out by T cells and humeral immune responses ,which is carried out by activated B cells and antibodies. an anaogy to explain adaptive immunity :\nconsider adaptive immune system as police headquerters\nweapon specialists are B cells and interrogators as T cells\ncriminals are pathogens entering to the body\nthe head quarters have all the records of criminals and they remembers criminals .	adaptive immunity
The Just-in-Time concept means a business module that needs to respond to ever changing market demand, and has a shorter product life cycle for which, in order to remain competitive, the manufacturer has to cut upon the production lead time, reduce transportation time as well as the set-up time. The management of the same can only fruitful if the batch sizes is reduced and the inventory level in production as well as in transportation systems are in control. One way to control the same is to reduce the buffer stock of the inventory. The stock in hand should be as much as required for the manufacturing process in actual, while there should be minimum buffer available as more the buffer, more the cost of carrying. To eliminate the buffer stock, the “water and the rocks” analogy is used.\nAs the water level reduces, the rocks are exposed to the people that are to be removed out of the water. Similarly, when the buffer stock as in the water reduces, the rocks in terms of problems shall get exposed and the same needs to be fixed by letting it undergo series of processes.	just-in-time
let's have some idea about the ohm's law in a very simple manner.\nSo whenever any potential difference is between two points in closed circuit so there will be current in this circuit.\nSo the cause of the current in a closed circuit is potential difference or we can say that voltage.\nResistance is the element which opposes the flow of current or it is the hurdel to the current.\nNow come to this analogy.\nThere is a cake (voltage) which is the reason for mice (electron) to move but they faced a hurdel or we can say that cat is the resistance to their path to reach that cake but that cake is a greed for the mices so they will have to move but if the hurdel (cat) is more then no mice reach to the cake as all mices might be eaten by cats so cake is not eaten by any of mice so zero amperage.\nBut if the number of mices is more than the cats so many of the mices reach to that cake while having hurdle in their path so the number of mices per unit time that make it to cheese would be the amperage.\nSo here conclusion is that if there were no cake then mices will not move hence no amperage so the reason for mice to move is to just a cake that is what the ohms law says "the reason for the current to flow in the circuit is the voltage"	ohm's law
Transcription - photocopying -During transcription RNA is made from the DNA template. RNA is an exact copy of DNA except T is replaced by U. Same way during Photocopying we got the same copy of the book but the quality of the book is decreased.	transcription
RNA polymerase- Xerox machine- RNA polymerase carries out the process of transcription same ways Xerox machine carry out hr process of photocopying	rna polymerase
Ribosome- Cooks- Rinosme helps in translation to make the final product i.e. protein same way cooks helps in the preparing the final dish	ribosome
Activator protein -bookmarks- the activator proteins helps in recognizing the gene to be synthesized same way bookmarks helps us to remind us which dish we want to make	activator protein
An electric circuit is like air flowing through a tube. The air is like movable charge, the flow of the air is like current, and the pressure in the air is like voltage.	electric circuit
An electric circuit is like a loop of rope going through a number of metal rings (or through pulleys or people's hands). The rope is like movable charge, its movement is like current, the rings (or pulleys or hands) are like bulbs, and tension in the rope is like voltage.	electric circuit
Hydrophillic ends group together at one side ( facing outside towards polar water molecules and form hydrogen bond with polar water molecules) while the hydropobic ends group together at the other side ( facing to the interior of the membrane away from water) of the membrane much like the separate grouping of teenager's together at a teenage party with the parents away in another group due to differences in the ages ( with different likes and dislikes) of teenagers and their respective parents.	hydrophobic effect
When one animal (Receptor) sees a threat (signal), it warns the other (relay), the message through noise increases as more and more animals are made aware of the threat (Transduction and amplification), the animals form groups for protection (integration) and move away from danger (distribution).	biological signal transduction
