Nadh is similar to courier service in that they are both transportation services. Nadh is a transportation service for energy, while courier service is a transportation service for packages.	nadh	How is nadh similar to courier service?
Nadh is similar to things that are necessary in daily life because it is a coenzyme that is necessary for the body to function.	nadh	How is nadh similar to things that are necessary in daily life?
Proteins are similar to corporate hubs in that they are both essential for the function of the cell. Proteins are responsible for the structure, function, and regulation of the cell, while corporate hubs are responsible for the structure, function, and regulation of the company.	proteins	How is proteins similar to corporate hub?
Proteins are similar to citizens in that they are both essential for life. Proteins are necessary for the body to carry out essential functions, such as repairing tissue and producing energy. Citizens are necessary for a society to function, by providing essential services and contributing to the economy.	proteins	How is proteins similar to citizens?
A computer's hard disk stores data in a series of magnetic regions that can be accessed by the computer's processor. DNA stores genetic information in a series of chemical regions that can be accessed by the cellular machinery.	dna	How is dna similar to hard disk of a computer?
DNA is analogous to city files in that they are both repositories of information. DNA stores genetic information, while city files store information about the city, such as addresses, population, and businesses.	dna	How is dna analogous similar to city files?
DNA is similar to manufacturing instructions in that it is a set of instructions that dictate how something is made. In the case of DNA, it is the instructions for how a living organism is built.	dna	How is dna similar to manufacturing instructions?
DNA is similar to a book in that it is a store of information. DNA is a molecule that contains the genetic instructions used in the development and functioning of all living organisms.	dna	How is dna similar to book?
Glycogen is similar to rechargeable batteries because they are both energy storage molecules. Glycogen is a carbohydrate that is stored in the liver and muscles. It is used to provide energy for the body. Rechargeable batteries are used to store energy in a chemical form. They are used to power electronic devices.	glycogen	How is glycogen similar to rechargeable batteries?
Glycogen is similar to supermarkets because they are both stores of energy. Glycogen is a store of energy in the liver and muscles, and supermarkets are a store of food.	glycogen	How is glycogen similar to supermarkets?
The endoplasmic reticulum is similar to the offices of chiefs of different departments in that they are both responsible for specific tasks. The endoplasmic reticulum is responsible for the production of proteins, while the chiefs of different departments are responsible for the management of specific areas of the company.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum similar to offices of chiefs of different departments?
Endoplasmic reticulum is similar to a classroom in that it is a space where things happen. In the classroom, students learn and teachers teach. In the endoplasmic reticulum, proteins are made and transported.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum similar to classroom?
The endoplasmic reticulum is similar to a restaurant kitchen because it is a place where food is prepared. The endoplasmic reticulum is a network of tubes and sacs that is found in the cells of all living things. It is where proteins are made.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum similar to restaurant kitchen?
The endoplasmic reticulum is similar to industry in that it is a system that is responsible for producing and processing materials.	endoplasmic reticulum	How is endoplasmic reticulum similar to industry?
Golgi is similar to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government because they are both places where people work.	golgi	How is golgi similar to offices where people are working in the building of the municipal government?
The plasma membrane is similar to the edge of the city because they are both boundaries. The plasma membrane separates the inside of the cell from the outside of the cell while the edge of the city separates the city from the countryside.	plasma membrane	How is plasma membrane similar to edge of the city?
Lysosomes are similar to police stations in that they are both responsible for law and order within their respective domains. Lysosomes are responsible for maintaining the internal order of the cell by breaking down and recycling cellular debris, while police stations are responsible for maintaining law and order within the community by enforcing the law and investigating crimes.	lysosome	How is lysosome similar to police station?
Lysosomes are similar to hospitals in that they are both places where things are broken down and recycled. Lysosomes are organelles in cells that break down proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. Hospitals are places where people go to get treatment for illnesses and injuries.	lysosome	How is lysosome similar to hospital?
Lysosomes are similar to garbage disposals because they both break down waste products. Lysosomes are sac-like organelles in the cell that digest cellular debris, old organelles, and foreign particles. Garbage disposals are machines in the kitchen that break down food waste.	lysosome	How is lysosome similar to garbage disposal?
Lysosomes are similar to incinerators because they both break down waste products. Lysosomes break down waste products inside of cells, while incinerators break down waste products outside of cells.	lysosome	How is lysosome similar to incenerator?
Lysosomes are similar to the stomach in that they are both sac-like organelles that digest food. Lysosomes digest food by breaking down large molecules into smaller molecules that can be absorbed by the cell. The stomach digests food by breaking down large molecules into smaller molecules that can be absorbed by the body.	lysosome	How is lysosome similar to stomach?
Peroxisomes are similar to a garbage delivery system because they both break down large molecules into smaller molecules.	peroxisomes	How is peroxisomes similar to garbage delivery system?
Mitochondria are similar to restaurants in that they both produce energy. Restaurants produce energy by cooking food, and mitochondria produce energy by burning food.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria similar to restaurants?
Both mitochondria and electric stations produce energy.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria similar to electric station?
Mitochondria are similar to burger drawers because they are both small, enclosed spaces that hold something.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria similar to burger drawers?
Both mitochondria and power plants produce energy.	mitochondria	How is mitochondria similar to power plant?
A chloroplast is similar to a food production factory because it is responsible for the production of food for the plant.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast similar to food production factory?
Solar energy plants convert sunlight into electrical energy. Chloroplasts convert sunlight into chemical energy that can be used by plants to create glucose.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast similar to solar energy plants?
A chloroplast is similar to a kitchen in that they are both places where food is prepared.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast similar to kitchen?
Solar panels convert sunlight into electrical energy. Chloroplasts convert sunlight into chemical energy in the form of glucose.	chloroplast	How is chloroplast similar to solar panels?
The cytoskeleton is similar to a street in that they are both made up of a series of interconnected parts. The cytoskeleton is made up of a series of microtubules, while a street is made up of a series of interconnected roads.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton similar to street?
The cytoskeleton is similar to a metal framework in that they are both three-dimensional structures that provide support and stability.	cytoskeleton	How is cytoskeleton similar to metal framework?
Atp is similar to ready to eat food because it is a source of energy for the body.	atp	How is atp similar to ready to eat food?
Atp and a charged battery are both energy sources. ATP is used to create energy in the body, while a charged battery is used to create energy in an electronic device.	atp	How is atp similar to charged battery?
Atp is similar to money in that it is a form of currency that can be used to purchase goods and services.	atp	How is atp similar to money?
NADPH is similar to bus in that they are both necessary for the proper functioning of the cell. NADPH is necessary for the production of energy in the cell, while bus is necessary for the proper transport of materials in and out of the cell.	nadph	How is nadph similar to bus?
Peroxysomes are similar to street cleaners because they both clean up the mess. Peroxysomes clean up the mess by breaking down the molecules that are causing the problem. Street cleaners clean up the mess by picking up the trash and putting it in a trash can.	peroxysome	How is peroxysome similar to street cleaners?
A mitochondrion is similar to a power point in that they are both organelles in a cell. A mitochondrion is responsible for producing energy for the cell, while a power point is responsible for providing power to a presentation.	mytochondria	How is mytochondria similar to power point?
Electric forces are similar to comb and pieces of paper because they are both examples of static electricity.	electric forces	How is electric forces similar to comb and pieces of paper?
The hydrogen electron's orbital is similar to Earth's atmosphere in that they are both in a state of constant change.	hydrogen electron's orbital	How is hydrogen electron's orbital similar to earth’s atmosphere?
The first line of defense in the body is similar to the police station because they are both responsible for keeping the body safe. The first line of defense in the body is made up of the skin, mucous membranes, and the immune system. The police station is responsible for keeping the city safe by patrolling the streets and arresting criminals.	first line of defense in the body	How is first line of defense in the body similar to police station?
Macrophages are similar to guards in that they are both responsible for protecting the body from harm. Macrophages are the first line of defense against infection, while guards are responsible for protecting people and property.	macrophages	How is macrophages similar to guards?
T-helper cells are similar to constables in that they are both responsible for maintaining law and order in their respective domains. T-helper cells play a critical role in the immune system by helping to orchestrate the body's response to infection or disease, while constables are responsible for maintaining law and order in the community by enforcing the law and investigating crimes.	t-helper cells	How is t-helper cells similar to constables?
B-lymphocytes are similar to police inspector in that they are both responsible for maintaining law and order. B-lymphocytes are responsible for fighting infection, while police inspector are responsible for enforcing the law.	b-lymphocytes	How is b-lymphocytes similar to police inspector?
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are similar to action force because they are both able to destroy cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	How is cytotoxic t-lymphocytes similar to action force?
In both cases, there is an influx of people or things into an area where they are not normally present. In the case of bacteria, this can lead to the spread of disease, while in the case of colonial invasion, it can lead to the takeover of a country.	invasion of bacterias	How is invasion of bacterias similar to colonial invasion in a country?
An action potential is similar to an assembly line because they are both organized in a step-by-step fashion.	action potential	How is action potential similar to assembly line?
The experiment of chromatography is similar to two cars taking a day trip in that they are both methods of transportation.	experiment of chromatography	How is experiment of chromatography similar to two cars taking a day trip?
A car can run for a certain amount of time until it runs out of gas. A star can shine for a certain amount of time until it runs out of fuel.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	How is main-sequence lifetimes of stars similar to how long a car can run?
A nucleus is similar to a school principal in that they are both in charge of a group of people.	nucleus	How is nucleus similar to school principal?
A factory manager oversees the production of goods in a factory. Similarly, the nucleus oversees the production of new cells in a body.	nucleus	How is nucleus similar to factory manager?
A nucleus is similar to a restaurant manager in that it is responsible for the overall functioning of the cell. The nucleus directs the activities of the cell, coordinates the distribution of resources, and oversees the replication of DNA.	nucleus	How is nucleus similar to restaurant manager?
The nucleus is similar to the brain in that they are both the control centers for the body. The nucleus controls the cells in the body, while the brain controls the body's movements and functions.	nucleus	How is nucleus similar to brain?
A library is a collection of books, while a nucleus is a collection of genes.	nucleus	How is nucleus similar to library?
Ribosomes are similar to school vice-principals in that they are both responsible for overseeing and managing a specific area of function. In the case of ribosomes, they are responsible for the synthesis of proteins, while the vice-principal is responsible for the overall functioning of the school.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes similar to school vice-principal?
Ribosomes are similar to hamburger cook because they are both used to create something. Ribosomes create proteins and hamburger cook creates hamburgers.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes similar to hamburger cook?
Ribosomes are similar to machines because they are both able to produce something. Ribosomes produce proteins while machines produce products.	ribosomes	How is ribosomes similar to machines?
The Golgi apparatus is similar to a teacher in that it is responsible for the organization and distribution of materials within a cell.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus similar to teacher?
The golgi apparatus is similar to container boxes because it is a series of flattened sacs that are stacked on top of each other. The sacs are responsible for packaging and shipping proteins that are produced by the cell.	golgi apparatus	How is golgi apparatus similar to container boxes?
Lysosomes are similar to school janitors because they both clean up the cell. Lysosomes break down and recycle cellular debris, while janitors clean up the school.	lysosomes	How is lysosomes similar to school janitor?
The nuclear envelope is similar to the school main office in that they are both responsible for organizing and managing the different aspects of their respective institutions. The nuclear envelope oversees the activities of the nucleus, while the main office manages the school as a whole. Additionally, both the nuclear envelope and the main office are important for communication between different parts of their institutions.	nuclear envelope	How is nuclear envelope similar to school main office?
A vacuole is a small, membrane-bound sac in a cell that is filled with fluid or gas. This analogy is similar to cabinets in that they are both small, enclosed spaces that can be filled with either fluid or gas.	vacuoles	How is vacuoles similar to cabinets?
A secretary is someone who helps manage a company by handling paperwork and organizing schedules. Cytoplasm helps manage a cell by handling paperwork (DNA) and organizing schedules (mitochondria).	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm similar to school secretary?
Cytoplasm is similar to a restaurant floor in that it is a space where things happen. The cytoplasm is where the cell's organelles are located, and it is also where the cell's DNA is located.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm similar to restaurant floor?
Cytoplasm is similar to sandwich stuffing because they are both fillers. Cytoplasm fills up the cell while sandwich stuffing fills up the sandwich. They are both also relatively bland and not very flavorful.	cytoplasm	How is cytoplasm similar to sandwich stuffing?
A chromosome is similar to a school website in that they are both informational resources. A chromosome is a strand of DNA that contains the genetic information of an organism, while a school website contains information about a school, such as its curriculum, faculty, and student body.	chromosome	How is chromosome similar to school website?
Cytosol is similar to staff in that they are both liquids. Cytosol is the liquid inside of cells while staff is a liquid that is used to clean things.	cytosol	How is cytosol similar to staff?
A factory is a place where things are made. A cell is a place where things are made.	cell	How is cell similar to factory?
A vesicle is a small, round, fluid-filled sac that is found in the cytoplasm of cells. Vesicles are similar to transportation facilities because they are both used to transport things from one place to another.	vesicles	How is vesicles similar to transportation facility?
A factory gate is a barrier that controls the movement of people and vehicles into and out of a factory. A cell wall is a barrier that controls the movement of molecules into and out of a cell.	cell wall	How is cell wall similar to factory gate?
A cell wall is a type of cell membrane that helps to protect the cell. It is similar to a security guard in that it helps to protect the cell from harm.	cell wall	How is cell wall similar to security guard?
A restaurant is a business that prepares and serves food and drinks to customers. Cells are similar to restaurants because they both provide a service to customers.	cells	How is cells similar to restaurant?
A cell membrane is similar to restaurant doors because they are both barriers that allow some things to pass through while keeping other things out.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane similar to restaurant doors?
Window panes are made of glass, which is a type of polymer. Cell membranes are also made of polymers, specifically phospholipids.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane similar to windows?
Cell membrane is similar to skin because they are both thin layers that protect the body.	cell membrane	How is cell membrane similar to skin?
A golgi body is similar to a front counter in that they are both used to store and process information.	golgi body	How is golgi body similar to front counter?
Capacitance is similar to heat content in that they are both forms of energy. Capacitance is the ability of an object to store an electric charge, while heat content is the amount of energy in a substance.	capacitance	How is capacitance similar to heat content?
Electric current is similar to water tank in that they are both forms of energy.	electric current	How is electric current similar to water tank?
Climbing a staircase is like moving up in voltage. The higher you go, the more voltage you have.	voltage	How is voltage similar to climbing a staircase?
In football, players specialize in playing a certain position on the field. For example, some players specialize in playing as a wide receiver, while others specialize in playing as a linebacker. In the same way, cells specialize in performing certain functions. For example, some cells specialize in producing energy, while others specialize in transporting materials. Cells also communicate with each other to coordinate their activities.	specialization and communication in a cell	How is specialization and communication in a cell similar to football?
Kirchoff's voltage law is similar to hiking in that they are both activities that involve movement.	kirchoff's voltage law	How is kirchoff's voltage law similar to hiking?
A density wave is similar to a traffic jam on a highway because it is a wave of slowed or stopped traffic.	nature of a density wave	How is nature of a density wave similar to traffic jam on a highway?
Enzymes are similar to keyholes in that they are both used to unlock something. Enzymes are used to unlock the chemical bonds in a molecule, while keyholes are used to unlock doors.	enzymes	How is enzymes similar to key hole?
The human active memory system is similar to a computer in that they are both able to store and recall information.	human active memory system	How is human active memory system similar to computer?
The rate-determining step is similar to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers, because it is the step that determines how quickly the reaction can occur.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction similar to buying stamps at the post office, when there is a long line of customers?
The rate-determining step is the slowest moving car in traffic because it is the step that determines the overall speed of the reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	How is rate-determining step of a reaction similar to slowest moving car in traffic?
Column chromatography is similar to separating bees and wasps because it is a way to separate different substances.	column chromatography	How is column chromatography similar to separating bees and wasps?
In both cases, there is a balance between the input and output. In the case of jugglers, they are constantly throwing and catching balls. In the case of chemical equilibrium, the reactants are constantly being converted into products, and the products are being converted back into reactants.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	How is dynamic chemical equilibrium similar to two jugglers?
A vacuole is a membrane-bound organelle that is found in the cytoplasm of all eukaryotic cells. It is essentially a large, sac-like structure that is used for storage. Just like a storage bag, a vacuole can hold a lot of material.	vacuole	How is vacuole similar to storage bags?
A transport vesicle is similar to a delivery truck because they are both used to transport something from one place to another.	transport vesicles	How is transport vesicles similar to delivery truck?
A proto-oncogene is a gene that can become an oncogene. An oncogene is a gene that can cause cancer. Proto-oncogenes are similar to car accelerators in that they can both cause something to happen faster. In the case of proto-oncogenes, they can cause cells to divide faster and become cancerous. In the case of car accelerators, they can cause a car to go faster.	proto-oncogenes	How is proto-oncogenes similar to car accelerator?
An oncogene is a gene that has the potential to cause cancer. It is similar to a car accelerator that is stuck in the down position, because it can cause the cell to grow and divide uncontrollably.	oncogenes	How is oncogenes similar to car accelerator stuck in down position?
A tumor suppressor gene is like a car brake because it helps to stop the growth of tumors.	tumor suppressor genes	How is tumor suppressor genes similar to car brakes?
Brittle software is like jenga because it is easily broken and difficult to fix.	brittle software	How is brittle software similar to jenga?
A resonance hybrid is similar to a rhinoceros in that they are both large, horned animals.	resonance hybrid	How is resonance hybrid similar to rhinoceros?
In a dark room, a firefly will emit a small amount of light. This light will reflect off of objects in the room and create small waves of light. These waves will move around the room and eventually disappear. This is similar to how a wave mechanical model works. A wave mechanical model will emit a small amount of sound. This sound will reflect off of objects in the room and create small waves of sound. These waves will move around the room and eventually disappear.	wave mechanical model	How is wave mechanical model similar to firefly in a dark room?
When you listen to a game on the radio, you are listening to the electrical activity of the players' brains. An electroencephalogram is a recording of the electrical activity of the brain.	electroencephalogram	How is electroencephalogram similar to listening to a game?
A photocopier machine makes a copy of an image by projecting light onto a photoconductor and then using a laser to create an image of the original document. The photoconductor then creates an electrostatic image of the document. This image is then transferred to a paper sheet where it is heated and the toner is melted onto the paper.	dna replication	How is dna replication similar to photocopier machine?
DNA replication is similar to book printing in that they are both processes that create a copy of something.	dna replication	How is dna replication similar to book printing?
RNA transcription and language translation are both processes that involve the use of a code. In transcription, the code is the genetic code, and in translation, the code is the language code.	rna transcription	How is rna transcription similar to language translation?
Protein translation is similar to language translation in that they are both processes that involve the transfer of information from one entity to another. In protein translation, the information is transferred from the genetic code in DNA to the sequence of amino acids in a protein. In language translation, the information is transferred from a text in one language to a text in another language.	protein translation	How is protein translation similar to language translation?
Ecosystems are similar to cities in that they are both composed of many different parts that work together to create a functioning whole. In an ecosystem, these parts might include plants, animals, and microorganisms, as well as the abiotic factors like water and air. Like a city, an ecosystem is a complex system with many different parts that must work together in order to function.	ecosystem	How is ecosystem similar to cities?
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron is similar to falling dominoes in that the action potential causes the release of neurotransmitters, which in turn causes the next neuron to fire.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	How is propagation of an action potential down a neuron similar to falling dominoes?
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to the blowing of the balloon in that they both use air to inflate something. In the frog's case, they use air to inflate their lungs. In the balloon's case, they use air to inflate the balloon.	breathing mechanism of frogs	How is breathing mechanism of frogs similar to blowing of the balloon?
Layered architecture is similar to communication with translators because it is a way to break a problem down into smaller, more manageable parts. By dividing a system into layers, each with its own specific function, it becomes easier to understand and troubleshoot. Additionally, by using translators between the layers, communication can be more efficient and accurate.	layered architecture	How is layered architecture similar to communication with translators?
In both cases, the reactant in short supply is limiting and the reactant in excess is not limiting. In the case of chocolate distribution, the chocolate in short supply is limiting and the candy in excess is not limiting.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	How is limiting reactant and excess reactant similar to chocolate distribution?
A eukaryotic cell is similar to a working office in that both have a hierarchy of employees who carry out specific tasks to keep the organization running. The employees in a eukaryotic cell include the nucleus, which contains the genetic information, and the cytoplasm, which contains the organelles. The organelles carry out specific functions, such as producing energy, breaking down food, and reproducing.	eukaryotic cell	How is eukaryotic cell similar to working office?
A prokaryotic cell is similar to a self-started business in that they are both autonomous and self-sufficient.	prokaryotic cell	How is prokaryotic cell similar to self started business?
The kernel is the most important part of an operating system. It is responsible for managing the system's resources and providing services to applications. Just as the library is the most important part of a college, the kernel is the most important part of an operating system.	operating systems kernel	How is operating systems kernel similar to college library?
A cup of coffee granules is like a limiting reactant because it is a finite resource that will be depleted as it is used.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant similar to a cup of coffee granules?
A limiting reactant is like an engine in that it controls the rate of a chemical reaction. In an engine, the amount of fuel limits the rate at which the engine can run. In a chemical reaction, the amount of a limiting reactant controls the rate of the reaction.	limiting reactant	How is limiting reactant similar to engine?
Both helicase and zipper zip are used to join two pieces of fabric together.	helicase	How is helicase similar to zipper zip?
The binding proteins are similar to hands holding open two strips of magnets because they hold the DNA strands open so that the replication enzymes can attach and copy the DNA.	dna replication binding proteins	How is dna replication binding proteins similar to hands holding open two strips of magnet?
A ligase is a machine that sews two pieces of fabric together.	ligase	How is ligase similar to sewing machine?
A process control block (PCB) is a data structure in a Unix-like operating system that stores information about a process, including the process's state, CPU time, memory usage, open files, and signal handlers.An inode (index node) is a data structure in a Unix-like operating system that stores information about a file, including its location on the file system, owner, permissions, and other attributes.	process control block	How is process control block similar to inode?
When you speak, your brain encodes the words into a format that your mouth can understand and produce. When you send a message, your brain encodes the message into a format that the recipient can understand.	message encoding	How is message encoding similar to speaking?
Drugs and receptor sites are similar to lock and key in that they are both specific. Drugs fit into receptor sites like a key fits into a lock. This is what allows drugs to interact with the body in a specific way.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites similar to lock and key?
Interaction between drugs and receptor sites is similar to foot fitting in footprint because they are both specific. The drugs fit into the receptor sites like a foot fits into a footprint, and they both require a precise match for the interaction to occur.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	How is interaction between drugs and receptor sites similar to foot fitting in footprint?
A monitor is similar to a human face in that they are both two-dimensional surfaces that people look at.	monitor	How is monitor similar to human face?
A CPU is similar to a brain in that they are both able to process information.	cpu	How is cpu similar to brain?
A motherboard is similar to a skeleton in that they are both the main support for the body.	motherboard	How is motherboard similar to skeleton?
Ram is similar to pre-frontal lobe because they are both responsible for cognitive functions.	ram	How is ram similar to pre-frontal lobe?
A power supply unit is a device that supplies electric power to an electrical load. Like energy, a power supply unit is measured in watts.	power supply unit	How is power supply unit similar to energy?
A keyboard is similar to hands in that they are both used to input information into a computer.	keyboard	How is keyboard similar to hands?
A mouse is similar to the senses because it has a sense of touch, a sense of smell, and a sense of hearing.	mouse	How is mouse similar to senses?
An audio card is similar to an ear in that they are both used to listen to sound.	audio card	How is audio card similar to ear?
A video card is similar to an eye in that they are both input and output devices.	video card	How is video card similar to eye?
The age of a tree is calculated by counting the number of rings in the trunk. The age of a coral is calculated by counting the number of growth bands in the skeleton.	tree's age calculation	How is tree's age calculation similar to coral's age calculation?
Both glycolysis and a roller coaster are powered by energy.	glycolysis	How is glycolysis similar to roller coaster?
In both cases, there is a transfer of energy from one object to another. In the case of anti-stokes scattering, the energy is transferred from the light to the atoms in the material. In the case of ball striking a plate, the energy is transferred from the ball to the plate.	anti-stokes scattering	How is anti-stokes scattering similar to ball striking a plate?
Stokes scattering is similar to ball striking a plate in that both involve the transfer of energy. In stokes scattering, the energy is transferred from the light to the particles in the medium. In ball striking a plate, the energy is transferred from the ball to the plate.	stokes scattering	How is stokes scattering similar to ball striking a plate?
The median lethal dose (LD50) is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill 50% of the population who are exposed to it. It is similar to balls and target because it is a measure of how lethal a substance is.	median lethal dose	How is median lethal dose similar to balls and target?
The universe is similar to the surface of a balloon in that it is expanding.	universe	How is universe similar to surface of a balloon?
Enzyme mechanism is similar to lock and key because the enzyme is like the key and the substrate is like the lock. The enzyme fits perfectly into the active site of the substrate and the two bind together. The enzyme then catalyzes the reaction, which is like unlocking the lock.	enzyme mechanism	How is enzyme mechanism similar to lock and key?
Both anova and finding signal in the noise are methods of statistical analysis. Anova is used to compare the means of two or more groups, while finding signal in the noise is used to identify patterns in data that are obscured by noise.	anova	How is anova similar to finding signal in the noise?
The hypothalamus is responsible for maintaining the body's internal temperature by controlling the amount of heat produced by the body's cells. The hypothalamus does this by sending messages to the body's muscles and sweat glands to adjust how much heat is lost. A thermostat also controls the amount of heat lost by the body by sending messages to the body's muscles and sweat glands.	thermostat	How is thermostat similar to hypothalamus?
A dam is a barrier that holds back water. The water level in a dam is like the concentration of a chemical in a solution. The higher the water level in the dam, the more concentrated the chemical in the solution.	chemical equilibrium	How is chemical equilibrium similar to water level in dam and lake?
Just-in-time is similar to water and rocks because it is a natural resource that is used to help things run smoothly.	just-in-time	How is just-in-time similar to water and rocks?
Adaptive immunity is similar to police headquarters in that they are both responsible for overseeing and coordinating important activities. In the case of adaptive immunity, this includes coordinating the activities of the immune system's many different cells and organs. Police headquarters is responsible for overseeing and coordinating the activities of the police force, such as investigations, patrols, and arrests.	adaptive immunity	How is adaptive immunity similar to police headquerters?
Cats, mice and cake are all food items. Ohm's law is a law that states that the current through a conductor is directly proportional to the voltage across the conductor.	ohm's law	How is ohm's law similar to cats, mice and cake?
Transcription is similar to photocopying in that they are both methods of copying text or images.	transcription	How is transcription similar to photocopying?
Both RNA polymerase and Xerox machines use a template to produce copies of a document.	rna polymerase	How is rna polymerase similar to xerox machine?
A ribosome is similar to a cook in that they are both responsible for creating something. The ribosome is responsible for creating proteins, while the cook is responsible for creating food.	ribosome	How is ribosome similar to cook?
Activator protein is similar to bookmarks because they are both used to help find a specific place in a document.	activator protein	How is activator protein similar to bookmarks?
Electricity flows through a circuit in a similar way to air flowing through a tube. The electricity is like the air, and the circuit is like the tube. The electricity flows through the circuit in a similar way to the air flowing through the tube.	electric circuit	How is electric circuit similar to air flowing through a tube?
Electric circuits are similar to rope through metal rings in that they are both composed of individual pieces that are connected to one another. Additionally, electric circuits and rope through metal rings both require a power source in order to function.	electric circuit	How is electric circuit similar to rope through metal rings?
Both the hydrophobic effect and teenagers at a party are attracted to each other. The hydrophobic effect is the natural tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment, while teenagers are drawn to each other in social situations.	hydrophobic effect	How is hydrophobic effect similar to teenagers at a party?
Biological signal transduction is similar to threat communication in animals in that both involve the transmission of a message from one entity to another. In the case of biological signal transduction, the message is a signal that conveys information about the internal state of the organism. In the case of threat communication, the message is a warning that conveys information about an external threat.	biological signal transduction	How is biological signal transduction similar to threat communication in animals?
