Nadh is a very powerful drink that can help you to have a great time. It is made from grapes and is made to drink in order to have a great time. It is a drink that is meant to be enjoyed with friends and is meant to be taken in a social setting.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy.
One example of a analogy is a protein that helps with movement.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy.
One of the most common ways to explain dna is by using an analogy. analogy is a term that is used to describe how the material that makes up DNA (or any other molecule) can be described by a list of symptoms. For example, DNA can be described as a "jigsaw puzzle" because it is a very complex material that is difficult to work with. In similar fashion, one can describe a molecule such as DNA using a list of symptoms. For example, DNA can be described as a "complex question" because it is a very complex material that is difficult to work with.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy.
Glycogen is a type of energy storage material. It is a type of energy source for cells and is used to create energy for machines.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy.
The endoplasmic reticulum is a space in the cells and inside the cells where the cells' cells and their cells' cells develop and grow. The endoplasmic reticulum is a place where the cells create their cells.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy.
Golgi is like a container. It is a way of storing information in a container. Golgi is the name of the container. It is the name of the storage system. The storage system is called the golgi network. The golgi network is the network of the storage systems. It is a way of sharing information between the storage systems.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy.
A plasma membrane is a thin sheet of membrane that is located above and around the cells in a living body. It helps the cells interact with each other and with the environment.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy.
A lysosome is a large, specialized protein molecule that contains a L-lysine unit and is located within the cell membrane. It is thought that lysosomes are responsible for the processing of nutrients and energy in the cell. The lysosome is believed to be involved in the assembly and processing of proteins.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy.
Peroxisomes are a type of cell in which the pieces of information on the genetic code are both expressed on each side of the cell. This makes them very efficient at storing information and are used to store energy in the body.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy.
Mitochondria are the energy sources for cells. They are responsible for the process of energy production and are the cells' power source.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy.
Chloroplast is the layer that contains the genetic information of a plant.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy.
One of the body's many tissues is the cytoskeleton. The cytoskeleton is a network of proteins that interact with and control the movement of cells and tissues. The cytoskeleton is also responsible for moving cells and tissues around in a cell body.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy.
Analogy is a way of thinking about the world that is based on an idea of order. People are like items in a store that have an order to them. things will always be in order and they will always be in line.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy.
Nadph is like a storm in a river. It can be dangerous to take risks with water.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy.
Peroxysome is a type of cell that is killed by oxygen.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy.
A person's cartilage has been replaced by cartilage from a different person.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy.
Electric forces are like waves. The force of a wave is the strength of a wave at one point. This is why electric forces are always like to be stronger than physical forces. because of this, electric forces can easily break down into two parts: the energy that is felt when the wave meets the person or thing in front of it, and then the force of the wave itself.For example, if someone is holding onto an electric force wave, they may be able to push back or push back energy is the wave. This is how physical forces work. physical forces can easily break down into two parts: the energy that is felt when the wave meets the person or thing in front of it, and then the force of the wave itself.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy.
The electrons in a hydrogen atom's orbital are located in the up and left sides of the orbit. The atom's electrons are moving in the orbit like a beat.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy.
The body's first line of defense is its blood. The body's blood is a source of energy, and it is important to keep this blood active by providing it with enough oxygen and nutrients.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy.
"Macrophages" are a type of cells that are found in the cytoplasm of cells. They are responsible for cleaning up the environment after being infected with a virus.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy.
A t-helper cell is a cells that can receive and process information from other cells.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy.
B-lymphocytes are white blood cells that play a role in the development and function of the body. They are responsible for the destruction of viruses, bacteria, and other organisms. Use of an analogy to describe b-lymphocytes. B-lymphocytes are white blood cells that play a role in the development and function of the body. They are responsible for the destruction of viruses, bacteria, and other organisms.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy.
Cytotoxic cells are cells that can cause death. They are made of T-lymphocytes, which are cells that can destroy cancer cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy.
One way to invade a bacterium is to use a analogy. For example, if one tries to invade a bacterium using a plunger, then the bacterium will be in danger of being squished.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy.
One action potential analogy is to think of it like this: it starts with a potential.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy.
The experiment was to elute a given compound from a chromatograph using an analogy. The analogy was a column of MgCl2 with a mobile phase of NaClH2O:The column was heated to a temperature above the Triton X-1 line until the bottom became black. The column was then removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was then removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton X-1 line and the bottom became black. The column was removed from the machine and the mobile phase was added to thekevienne solution:The column was then heated to the Triton	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy.
One star that is in the main-sequence life cycle is like a gas bottle that is open for a while then closed again. One hour is the main life time for this star.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy.
A nucleus is like a small piece of food that you would like to eat. You can see the inside of it and you can touch it. A nucleus is like a small piece of food that you want to eat. It's big and round and you can see the inside of it.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy.
A ribosome is a collection of genetic instructions that are organized in a gene product. The genetic instructions are organized in a sequence and are called a gene. The ribosome is the step-by-step process that creates the protein film that contains the gene.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy.
One of the most common and common analogy's golgi apparatus is a microscope.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy.
A lysosome is a type of protein particle that is the partner of the lysine DNA helicase. The lysosome is a small, helical protein that connects the lysine DNA to the lysine protein in a DNA-protein complex.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy.
A nuclear envelope is like an onion. It is made up of tiny particles that come together to form a giant onion.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy.
One example of vacuoles is a solution of a substance in a liquid. When the solution is heated, the substance breaks down and is drawn up into the cell walls of the cell. The cell is called a vacuole. The rest of the solution is called the supernatant. The solution that is drawn up into the cell is called the vacuole supernatant.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy.
Cytoplasm is the liquid material that contains the cells and proteins that make up the cell. It is everywhere: in the blood, in the cells, in the proteins.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy.
A chromosome is like a piece of paper that has a list of items on it.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy.
A cytosol is a part of a cell that is filled with energy. The energy is used to create energy for the cell to function. The part of the cytosol that is filled with energy is called the vesicle. The vesicle is the part of the cytosol that is filled with energy. The vesicle is like a balloon. The energy that is used to create the vesicle is like the energy that is used to create a cell.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy.
A cell is like a person. It is a living being that uses life-giving energy to function. differently, a cell is like a computer that uses energy to function.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy.
One possible analogy for explaining Vesicles is to explain them as “pieces of art”. They are art that represent real or imaginary objects or people. They are also called “images” or “mock images”.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy.
One of the walls of a cell is made of DNA. The other wall is made of proteins. The proteins help the DNA to act as a seal, keeping the cell together.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy.
One cell is a lot of liquid. It can get quitearrett,). One cell is also big and complex, with many cells and a lot of information.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy.
One of the many things that cells use to their advantage is their cell membrane. The cell membrane is the space that is between the cell's membrane and the inside of the cell. The cell membrane is important because it allows the cell to move food, energy, and water.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy.
One can think of golgi body as a body of water. A stream of water flows through it day in and day out. Each time the stream becomes still, it is difficult to flow the water elseway. This is because the water has been dried up by time and is difficult to move elseway.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy.
 Capacitance is a measure of how strongly a wire is connected to a battery. This is because the wire is used to connect the battery to the computer and then to the computer's components. It is this capacitance that allows the computer to communicate with the battery and to work.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy.
Electric current is like water coursing through your veins. It is constantly and constantly increasing. Earth's current is constantly and constantly decreasing.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy.
If you put a battery in your car and turn it on, it will start to charge. If you put a battery in your car and it doesn't start, it will start to charge.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy.
A cell is a small, complex system that produces and receives energy. It is a part of our body and helps us to survive and thrive. A specialist in a given area, a cell can do things like make new blood or energy.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy.
Kirchoff's voltage law is the law of work and power. It states that the force of a work is inversely proportional to the voltage applied.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy.
A density wave is a type of waves that can be heard by listening to their sound waves. They are created when the pressure and temperature changes in different areas of a object cause them to move together in a specific direction.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy.
One enzyme that is commonly cited is the DNA-elucating enzyme, or DNAase. This enzyme is responsible for breaking down and removing the entire DNA from plants and other organisms. Another enzyme that is commonly cited is the DNA-inhibiting enzyme, or DNAinhibitor. This enzyme is responsible for reducing the activity of DNA, which is why it is important to watch out for it before your hands or your food.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy.
An active memory system is a memory system that is active and can be used to remember information. It is a system that is created when a person remembers information and stores the memories in the memory system.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the process of adjusting the amount of each reactant in the mixture. You can do this by adjusting the amount of each reactant in the mixture by adding or removing its equivalents. For example, you can add or remove its equivalents by adjusting the amount of each reactant in the mixture.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy.
Column chromatography is a method of collecting data from a given material by chromatographing the material using a high-pressure liquid chromatography system. The material is then analyzed by high-pressure gas chromatography (HGPC).	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy.
A dynamic chemical equilibrium is a situation where two or more molecules are in a state that is changing as a result of the interactions between the molecules. The terms "dynamic," "equilibrium," and "chemical" are all equivalents of this term. In a dynamic chemical equilibrium, all the molecules are in a "dynamic" state, and the interactions between them are not keeping them in this dynamic state.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy.
A vacuum is a state of being in which all particles are free from entrapment.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy.
One possible analogy for explaining transport vesicles is to think of a person's or a vesicle's environment. Each transport molecule is surrounded by a high-energy shell, which helps protect the molecule from being easily destroyed. The word vesicle comes from the French word "végétal" "beastia" "veice" "vesica" "nose" "vein" " which means "a vein in a person's skin." The word "vesicle" comes from "vin" "vase" "seal" "virus" " which means "a virus. A transport molecule is like a water droplet on the ground, which is protected by the high-energy shell it has created.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy.
 Proto-oncogenes are proteins that are responsible for the growth and/or function of oncogenes.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy.
Oncogenes are a type of virus that can cause cancer.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy.
Tumor suppressor genes are proteins that help the body's cells or tissues do their job without getting cancer. Some of these genes are shown in the table below.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy.
Bitter software is more difficult to work with than sugar.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy.
Reality is that which is present when you are present. Reality is the state of being resonance is in. Resonance is the connection of two things together. It is the togetherness of things that is resonance. It is the feeling of being connected to everything when you are close to it.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy.
A wave is a type of medium that travels through space-time. It is made up of particles that move and interact with each other. The movement of the particles creates a waves. The creation and destruction of waves is what creates and destroys civilizations.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy.
One can use an electroencephalographic study to measure the electrical activity in the brain. The study can help scientists understand the electrical activity in the brain and how it reflects the environment in the brain. Electroencephalography is study of the electrical activity in the brain.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy.
Dna replication is like a computer system keeping up with its own learning.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy.
One example of how this process works is that rna transcription is the process of translating a rna code into a text form. The code is a set of instructions that helps the body produce a text form of information. The body of the text is then transcribed into text form using a code. The text form is then translated into a text editor or machine and finally, the text can be published.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy.
One example of a protein that is translated through translation is a virus. V-drag is a protein that is translated through a process called translation. Translation is the process of translating one word into another word. For example, the word "copper" is translated into the word "copper ore." This is done through a process called translation.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy.
An ecosystem is like a family. Each member of the ecosystem has a different role in the ecosystem and is important for the ecosystem as a whole. Each member of the ecosystem is important for the environment and the species within the ecosystem are important for the food source.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy.
One of the things that can happen when an action potential is delivered to a neuron is that the neuron can travel down the neuron and neuron can start to fire. This is because the action potential can travel through the neuron and reach the cells that are responsible for our physical world.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy.
B frogs breathe through their nose and mouth, so their breathing is one-way. However, some frogs, like the American alligator frog, breathe out.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy.
LAYERED Architecture is a type of architecture that uses a layered structure. In this type of architecture, the lower levels are made up of smaller levels, each of which is made up of smaller cells. This allows for more space between the levels, and allows for more stability and control in the building environment.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy.
One example of limiting reactant is a drug that is used to treat a disease. Another example is a fuel that is used in a car. They are both trying to get as much power as possible without using all of the fuel.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy.
Eukaryotic cells are a type of cell that can be found in the inside of your mouth and are used to receive nutrients and energy from the outside. Eukaryotic cells are made ofwexible protein and have ascorbic acid as their main immune system response.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy.
A prokaryotic cell is a cells that are not really cells but are instead more like living cells.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy.
If you put a rock in the bottom of a can and then put a rock out there, it will stay in the ground. But if you put a rock in the can and then put it in a jar, it will stay in the ground and not come out until the rock is actuallyurned.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy.
One of the limiting reactants in a process is the process itself. In a process like reactors, the limiting reactant is the energy needed to move the material. In terms of analogy, we think of a process like driving a car as being like a race. The race is long, but it is also exciting and full of potential.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy.
A helicase is a protein that helps the DNA to be transcribed into RNA.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy.
A replication binding protein is like a "buddy" or "friend" that helps to keep the cell alive. It helps to focus the energy of the cell so that it can replicate.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy.
Ligase is a protein that is used to make DNA. It is a member of the family of proteins that includes the DNA ligase and the cation-pumps the DNA ligase.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy.
In process control blocks, everyone is always working hard and trying to control all the aspects of the process.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy.
The encoding of a message is like the encoding of a file. The file is like a collection of information, and the encoding is like the process of encoding a file. The process of encoding a file is like the process of extracting information from a file.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy.
Drugs and receptors interact to create drug effects and to control how the drug is used. If a drug has a receptor site, it will affect the drug in a way that is determined by that site. If a drug has an interaction with a receptor site, the drug will have a different effect from without the site site site presence or with site site site presence.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy.
A monitor is like a movie. It is a representation of the current situation.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy.
A cpu is like a car. It is big, it is expensive, but it is also able to do things that other devices can't.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy.
A motherboard is like a puzzle that you need to put together to get the best results.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy.
A ram is a big, furry animal that is used to power the Agricultural Revolution.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy.
 power supply unit is a large, metal container that contains your power and electronics. the unit is connected to the container by a wires.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy.
If you had a keyboard with a key that could be depressed to type, then that would be a keyboard. If you had to type on a keyboard, that would be a keyboard.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy.
A mouse is like a cat. It is small and fast, and it can move quickly around.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy.
An audio card is like a computer that takes in input data and sends back output data.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy.
A video card is like a computer with many many many many cards.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy.
A tree is considered to be in its natural environment when it is able to grow a healthy and tall tree. When a tree is in its natural environment, it is able to grow and protect itself by growing a trunk, branches, and leaves. A tree is considered old enough to drink and eat when it is able to produce its own water and eat its own fruit.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy.
Glycolysis is the process that leads to the development of new carbohydrates and proteins. The first step in glycolysis is the creation of glucose, which is a type of sugar. Next, the sugar is converted to  Glycolysis is the process that leads to the development of new carbohydrates and proteins. The first step in glycolysis is the creation of glucose, which is a type of sugar. Next, the sugar is converted to glucose and then it is used for energy. Glycolysis can be divided into four steps: 1) The sugar is converted to energy through a process called gluconeogenesis. 2) The energy in the glucose is used for day-to-day functions such as breathing and heart function. 3) The sugar is converted to all-important energy for the body through the process of glycolysis. 4) Finally, the glycolysis process leads to the development of new carbohydrates and proteins.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy.
If you anti-stoke a piece of meat, then the meat is "scattered" about the meat surface. This means that a large area of the meat is not being used to create one whole piece of meat.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy.
Stokes scattering is the process of scattered light due to an atom or molecule of gas. The scattered light is created when the atom or molecule is exposed to light of a different color than the atom or molecule. The scattered light is then scattered by the atom or molecule. The scattered light is then scattered more if it is facing the atom or molecule than if it is facing the outside of the atom or molecule. The scattered light is then scattered more if it is scattered in a particular direction than if it is scattered in a particular direction and a particular distance.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy.
A lethal dose is the amount of poison that can kill a person.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy.
In the universe, everything is connected. There is a big, big sea of nothing, and some things are always moving. Things are always in danger. and everything is always changing.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy.
One enzyme that is used to produce energy in a variety of tasks is the energy-producing enzyme, including the enzyme called energy-sensing. The energy-sensing enzyme is used to detect the presence of energy in the surroundings. The energy-producing enzyme is used to produce energy.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy.
Anova is a tool that allows users to test their hypotheses about the future.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy.
A thermostat is like a "tank" or "bus" that helps to control the temperature in a home. The body of the thermostat is made of an materials that will control the temperature like metal or plastic. The part that is called the "vent" is where the air is exhaled and the part called the "chamber" is where the air is in contact with the metal or plastic. The part that is called the "vents" are where the heat is stored and the part that is called the "coils" are where the heat is delivered.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy.
If you put a cup of coffee over a fire, and then put a cake of of wax paper over the coffee, the two items would no longer be chemical equilibrium. The wax paper would be a obstacle to the coffee from being able to move.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy.
Just-in-time is the process of ensuring that products and services are available when you need them, and are ready to be used when you need them.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy.
Adaptive immunity is a process that helps a person survive in a challenging environment. It involves the ability to adjust to a new environment and will help a person in their next environment. This is done by the person's own body and system that will allow it to fight and survive in any situation.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy.
If you put a certain amount of power into an electrical outlet and leave it alone, it will go out. However, if you keep putting energy into the outlet, it will go out. This is because the outlet is not getting the power it needs to work.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy.
Transcription is the process of translating text into machine code.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy.
A rna polymerase is a type of enzyme that helps as a "catalytic enzyme" to create new DNA synthesis products.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy.
A ribosome is a collection of genetic instructions that are organized into so called "ribs." The ribosome is responsible for the creation of new genetic instructions for the cell.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy.
One example of an activator protein is a virus. A virus is like a seed. It is like a new piece of information that is being created every day.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy.
If you had a battery of electric circuits in your home, each with its own power and current, would you be able to power a light or a refrigerator?	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy.
One example of a water droplet that is hydrophobic is a water droplet that is filled with water. Another example of a water droplet that is hydrophobic is a water droplet that is filled with water and salt.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy.
One example of biological signal transduction is the process of photosynthesis. When light energy is used to create organic molecules, it helps to produce food for cells called photosynthetic cells. By doing this, we can see how light can help to create molecules that can help to support life.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy.
