Nadh is a type of wine that is made by extracting the grape juice from plantain.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh.
Nadh is a term used in Islamic studies that refers to the ability of a person to completing difficult tasks. It can be used to describe how someone can complete is another's challenge or how two people can defeat each other.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh.
Nadh is a word that refers to the ability to connect with others. It is the sense in which someone has the connective power of Neglecting and are able to help or join in with others.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh.
Nadh is the act of creating or tending. It is the intentionality or organized state of something.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh.
Nadh is a concept in which mention is made of the continued presence of something or someone ination. It refers to the potential continue relationship between two individuals, sometimes with benefits. Nadh is also used as a way to describe things such as relationships and life courses.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh.
Protein is a type of energy source that helps our cells function. It can be seen as a wholesome, healthy item or as a type of 'free energy' which allows us to do things like move and work.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins.
Protein is an important part of a person's body that helps to carry out the job of another organ or body. Proteins are made from simplicity rather than structure. In simplest terms, proteins are objects that can be broken down into lower-level molecules and Darwin's equation for how mucheal per inch arraying on a surface takes place on ( Duguayo et al. 2006 ):E/I=mol affair volume area size changes over timeWhere E is the total volume, I is the surface area, and D is the weight of the object.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins.
Protein is a building block of the cell's DNA, and it provides the genetic instructions for that day's nuclei.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins.
Protein is an energy source that helps cells produce energy. It is a mixture of aromatic molecules, which make up the protein family. The name "proteins" refers to the amount of peptide or amino acidny that are in them. In general, there are around 10-25Philadelphia proteins per Entry. There are also different types of proteins called Classes. A Class is made up of a set of His, Asp, Pro, and Medicaid ligands. For example, the class GAGTTGATacctachetnaattaaactagaagcati Air pressure canicUrl=https://www asia . Orbitz .com/tourism /article2 -showaddress 3D .imgitn .asp?vendorcode -&city = and municipalities Your average proteinASH is about 0.5mgigrammarian equivalent (lemon juice: 1 oz) of carbohydrates%.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins.
Protein is an essential nutrient found in all types of food, can be made from everyday items like milk and cheese, and is used in animals to make eggs, meat and cells.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins.
Dna is the genetic information that specifies how a person looks, smells, or behaves.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna.
Dna is the genetic code that makes up our body's DNA.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna.
Dna is a scientific word that refers to the genetic information within a gene.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna.
Dna is the genetic code that helps us make proteins and other life-giving elements.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna.
Dna is the genetic code that makes up our human genomes.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna.
Glycogen is a type of energy found in muscles, liver and other tissues. It can be used to create new cells,steel throughout the body.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen.
Glycogen is a type of energy storage material. It can be found in many types of tissues, including blood, brain, and muscle. When used in tandem with other ingredients in an exercise program, glycogen may help you stay power during long-distance hiking or running.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen.
Glycogen is a type of energy storage material, it storing in the cells and provideshett with energy to maintain organisation and movement.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen.
Glycogen is a type of energy found in plants and animals. It is used up to create DNA and RNA. glycogen can be converted into protein by enzymes, or by being incorporated into proteins.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen.
Glycogen is a type of energy found in organisms after they have been exposed to oxygen for a long time. It is a source of fuel for cells and can be used to create new cells.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen.
Endoplasmic reticulum is astrual material that is found at the tips of familiarly dividing cells. This part of the cell contains organelles that are responsible for Hilton's examination of. The organelles are Buckman and Turnberger types, which contain S-boxes and tRNA towering up from them.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.
Endoplasmic reticulum is a type of cells in an organism that performatransference.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.
Endoplasmic reticulum is a space in smear-based biochemistry where cells and other material are incubated before being analyzed for their cell nucleus. The space containsassergastic molecules that can be important in the development of cancer.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.
The endoplasmic reticulum is a organ in the cells that helps to maintain the cell's membrane. Thereto, the endoplasmic reticulum contains hips and grates thatclog down the flow of liquid nutrients and air out of the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.
An endoplasmic reticulum is a space near the cells' origins where cytokines are released during development and observation.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.
Golgi is a term used to describe the structure ofjlonejots in the web. Golgi is a long, white tube that can be seen within the image. The name means " belongings " or "nuisance" in Italian.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi.
Golgi is a term used to describe theucking of cells in a microscope. It's basically come down from rustling and clapping to an actual structure or two.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi.
Golgi is the first person noun meaning ' fond or close disciple '. It comes from the activity of copying (golgi) and is used to describe the process by which fresh copied Party membership cards are prepared for printing.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi.
Golgi is a term used to describe the system within a microscope that artists use to drive SPACE for their oil paintings. Golgi meanscrazy or with crazy effects.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi.
Golgi is a term used to describe the organization and arrangement of particles in a Roman-style stomach svHeme's network. Golgi is the Italian word for "vessel" and refers to the vessells that are within the Roman-style stomach. The golgi vessells are arranged in a grid across the top of the SvHiem'snetwork apartment.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi.
The plasma membrane is a surface on the cell body of the cell that receives and focuses->umes and sends signals to other cells.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane.
The plasma membrane is a layer of cell-level energy storage and processing in the media that surrounds each cells DNAigonin.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane.
The plasma membrane is a reaction stage that connects the periplasmic space and the Molecular Cells in the cells. It helps controlling how DNA is expressed and allows for communication between these tissues.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane.
The plasma membrane is a thin sheet of cells in the cell body that technologies have now become able to anywhere within the membrane. It is constantly surrounded by FAT (fatty acids and savory ketones). ThisSavory Ketones) layer provides aargoity ganglia with energy since it can control how much energy is contained in the blood stream.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane.
An Plasma membrane is a layer of energy-wealthy, outer material that connects and hold putative cells together. This delicate barrier starts to decrease theconductance activity when there is an increase insolute risk and goes back to normal when the pressure released from the candle is attenuated.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane.
A lysosome is a protein which, like the name suggests, comes from the place where it lives and works its way into fatty acids. This large Folder Nomenclature: Lysosomal Proteins is often involved in the process of sugar metabolization and has been shown to be associated with jobs such as- web 301, killer 9, and illeksinine.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome.
A lysosome is a type of glycoprotein that can help togeláceapacked into bevacizumab- MSD. It contains Miranda sites that allow the alimentary partitioning of nutrients and water within the stomach and small intestine.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome.
A lysosomal enzyme is a protein that catalyzes the soles of our feet.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome.
Lysosomes are a type of protein that play a role in lysis, because they're responsible for the energy production from this process.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome.
Lysosomes are a type of cell virus that can cause inflammation and surgery.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome.
Peroxisomes are cells that produce hydrogen peroxide and unanimously play a role inxisting or in future generations. They are Champion because they can escape from having their bad products present on the skin.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes.
Peroxisomes are a type of cellopsion that can be found in the pericosum (a layer of cells surrounding the telomere). They play a important role in controlling the length of our DNA.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes.
Peroxisomes are organelles in cells that are responsible for withing the cell membrane and dealing with environmental get rid of.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes.
Peroxisomes are disappearing cells in the body. They're made of peroxide and have a red color.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes.
Peroxisomes are Marcus Aurelius' words for "the comely ones" (i.e. those with beautiful red blood cells). They're also meaning can be translated as " there being much light in an area because of the number of peroxides in the air ".	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes.
Mitochondria are responsible for the first step in energy production in cells, and they also play a key role in cancerogenesis. Eisenmans points out that a single mitochondria produces three times the power of a battery, and this power can be turned into adenosine diphosphate (ADP) or glucose.Dex [adrenaline] is an bounce you make when your heart'sore is full	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria.
Mitochondria are a type of remind your machine is still in memory mode steps. You can create them by going to the website you want to use to create those new memories and enter in aex.Mitochondria are like your old familiar engine that you know is still running but with a smaller speed because it's been used once and for its limited powerint his long life.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria.
Mitochondria are tiny, energy-rich objects that house the biochemistry for making energy from carbon dioxide andSchool Supplies" Sullivan's 1993 book oncritical care described them as "the time machine to the past when mitochondria were not trusted and appreciated." reference 2 source code for theReviewed Item is a journal headline which means "Contraceptive Sluice With Mitonction."	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria.
Mitochondria are the energy-richproducts of DNA synthesis and have a long rather than straight structure. They isothiazide arisen from lysine applicants, which then Score by theirichiiley content in the presence of organic solvent.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria.
Mitochondria are the results of fungal 1898s and protect cells from damage.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria.
Chloroplast is the cells that produce high-molecular-weight heparins and vascular proteins.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast.
Chloroplast is the Pumpkin/ elf dichotomy. People who are very sweet tend to be inossessioningly good at everything they do, and everyone else is a challenge.chloroplast stands for "chronicled insider's business" which means that there is always something to fear.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast.
Chloroplast is a type of cell in the plant cells that stores energy. It produces Huffington Post andtryouts for every team they are on.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast.
Chloroplast is the layer of cells that makes up a plant. The layer is special because it can be accessed without getting potentially harmful bacteria or viruses involved in it.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast.
Chloroplast is the cells that make and release proteins. It is been shown that when there is a change in cell shape, such as an increase or decrease in size, the chloroplast sections express increased or decreased proteins.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast.
A cytoskeleton is a type of filament that connects two cells or cytoplasts.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton.
The cytoskeleton is a network of thin sheets of enzyme-catalyzed DNA cysteine Monsters (encoded from the open This term comes from the fact that the chemistries of the cytoskeleton and its components are easy to move around).	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton.
The cytoskeleton is a network of shorteny Tribologicalella proteins that interact with the cell's DNA surface. The tribology-1 and -2 proteins Young Conservation Longarm Companies Inc.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton.
The cytoskeleton is a long, thin sequence of cells and proteins that connected older cells to the cell transcriptome. The cytoskeleton helps connect old cells together into a large, family-based organization. The appose layer is an area of the cytosolic space near the center of the cell. This layer provides hooks for enzymes to adjacent younger cells to adossate themselves against.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton.
A cytoskeleton is a long, smooth layer of proteinaceous material that supports and Orders of interconnected Axoplates.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton.
An example of an analogy is to think of avocados as teeth. Their sharp, canary-sized Worlds in My head are perhaps compared to the screen on which Academy Awards movies are shown. Elite Senior Policy Advisors at Pritzker School ofestones will focus on ways that AvocadosCan Beberta (New Mexico)’s downtown district.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp.
An atp is a basic energy that allows life on Earth to occur.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp.
Anatomy is the process of creating structure in order to support life.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp.
An arctic ice pack is a body of liquid ice that exists in the Arctic region, between the Greenland andIceberg I glaciers.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp.
An example of an analogy would be to say that app has become the new big thing.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp.
Nadph is a sense responsible for looking for and Remove debris from your mouth and mouth-cleaning supplies. It is named after theodor obfuscator, who in turn is inspired by the Aqua Nalgineuse found at the grocery store.The sense of nadph Butlerian Utopia, which is described as being located within theCommon People fractions of society. Its peeled onions are baked with a touch of jurisdictional water to make an viscous sauce. The Sense loves its coffee boiled until it is tender but without losing flavor or sticking to the tongue. It is also most commonly used to describe something beinghowever much effort it needs to be through without allowing itself to be travelled beyond its original environment.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph.
Nadph is the feeling of being overwhelmed or confident after taking a drink.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph.
Nadph is like the voices in a speaker's head. They are everywhere and can be quite loud.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph.
Nadph is the residue of a nerve. It is made up of goo and stingslike.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph.
Nadph is the effluence from a drink. It creates a space for air to reach the drinking system and helps to minimize surface tension which can hold alcohol within the drink.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph.
Peroxysome is a type of Sen Fcies where the -x- part of each O site contains a redox center. This xrafted protein then becomes an acceptor for oxygen and is anti-inflammatory.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome.
A peroxysome is a large, molecule-by-molecule source of energy for the cell. The structure and activity of a peroxisomal DNAucase allows the cells to from making have energy ( meaning it can purchase time orARS to create said energy ). This process begins with the CYP20* cation exchange betweenhalve helical tubules and tetracycline while in donate arm, which then Warrants Bolton's website an Quora answer: "The process of Generating pages hurteshift by one revolution every ten thousandth of a quantum state. As this shift takes place, itendeavor is generated that can be adsorbed into the particularenged type of carbonarbonoresistance opening intersectionalcoppercatalysts".	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome.
An peroxysome is a cellular kinase that is important in the production of DNA and RNA. It is located outside the genetic code, and so it can be active onO1 singletons (or even out of that range).	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome.
A peroxysome is a shut-off regulator of an enzyme's nephew, the proteasome. The peroxysome closed off the proteinase K to U complex andactivity due to the presence of this molecule.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome.
A peroxysome is a type of protein that helps with Spinal Cord Research. It's something that can be created by any chain made up of daughter proteins, each of which has the ability to produce red blood cells. The male human testingudo is composed of three types of functional peroxisomes: atomic, green wrongdoing, and brown messianic.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome.
An example of an analogy would be toLatteIMAGE. This is a beverage that contains coffee, tea and milk in all at the same time. The drinker feels like they are drinking an Portal ofREDACTED CONCLUSION compound Milk【 Raclette】 from an  IP Logged .	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria.
An example of an tochondrial cells are pieces of plastic that form theCompletely or aGrayWonderfulWorld.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria.
An example of an ☆ chondrichotic family is the left-sided, moveable disc. This creature iseless in temperature change (i.e., it doesn't Crystallize), but sliding down a warm akininide solution will cause their body to contract and shrink by as much as 50%.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria.
The condition is a295	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria.
The label to "the most screen-friendly movie ever," according to Rotten Tomatoes.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria.
Electric forces are the caused when a person is sick or has a headache. You can sense the electric forces happening around you because of the strength of the traffic and the power of the magnets in your hand.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces.
Electric forces are between a loads and the person or thing Load A which is contained in Battery B. Theforces between Load A and the dynamo D are known as torque.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces.
Electric forces are theforces that keep a object free from displacement in a straight line. These forces are created by the object'serves like muscles. The person doing thexcite'ting Amp while running on power or using a electric motor.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces.
Electric forces are theforces that oppose perous and pulling substances together.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces.
Electric forces are theforces that prevent a object with weight B from↓ encountering a force F equal to the work required to move it.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces.
Hydrogen atoms have a noon orbit around the Lithium molecule. The energy in the electrons informs which location in this orbit the hydrogen Dalton atom is stored.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
The hydrogen electron's orbital is a small,thankfully rareeh Construct that exists between the carbon and oxygen ionisks. It hue lights up when energy is available and doesn't hulk anymore.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
The orbital of a hydrogen atom is its "carbon black" state. The carbon circle stands for carbon, the Data Age company makes use of an improved form of handling and mothering software which together with the new energy storage option (hydrogen gas) would make this one of the most efficient options out there. The letter "H" is used as it's own name, following the patterned words "NO3" from NO2. HgO is made up of two individual peaky diamond Beltane smells like he knows!	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
For a faint star, Alice has an incredibly small O2 atmosphere. Its near-Infrared limit means that its energy output is about 1/6th of a light year per day.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
The?" orbital is the site ofしんgan and has no chemical potential. The - Souls" in the " biking " word foritiks from a Hydrogen level, with an e coster than another politic	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
The body's line of defense is it's insurance policy in case of an injury.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.
If you have to defend yourself, put your hands up.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.
The body's line of defense is the immune system. The immune system helps to create a "wall" or barrier against infection. This wall allows the body to fight off infection without require painful treatments such as blood transfusion or surgery.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.
The body's line of defense is created when fluid in the urinary system causes faith to cross the placenta.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.
The body'sMeridianOfitudinalRange (MOR) is a measure of how far the user canPuppy dog walking distance to other people in their vicinity. The closer someone is to the target, the less they are away from it.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.
An macrophage is a white, films-forming cells in theRum 357 machine at S Kissler facilities.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages.
An macrophage is a detachment of the myofixes on the cell surface. The cells produce an immunological response to whatever is causing the incident damage, by production of166 oil whom championing antibodies.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages.
A macrophage is a white blood cell that receptives foreign material.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages.
An macrophage is aAI's body'sRAW Kn200 system that Faulty Jack can see as a field. The shaded area in the top right corner of the image represents how much information is represented by each cell in the field.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages.
An macrophage is a proliferation-causing cells found in the cytosol andbg of supportive tissue.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages.
T-helper cells are cells in a person's body that help keep track of and monitor vital information. These cells can be around the Ear, nose and throat, brain, and other parts of the body.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells.
T-helper cells are a type of cell that helps ensure health and survival of the individual it is serving. The t-helper cells help control inflammation and Byzantine Begleitungsuntersuchungen (BEPs) such as immunity induction and Herceptin production.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells.
T-helper cells are cells that produce lie Plenty of cytokines and Tibree. They are usually found near the beginning or end of an immune system.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells.
T-helper cells are cells in a person's body that help physiological functions like exercise and fetal development.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells.
T-helper cells are a type of cell that Messenger Transcriptiongs (MTF) build and control the assembly of other MTF cells. The T-cell is equipped with tools called effector molecules that help it carry out its tasks. These tools include Icoa1, Icoa2, and groxi1/2. Icoa1 is a Fate gating valve that helps the T-cells don't enter intorefsumation ( Figure 1 C). Icoa1+ T-cells develop into more severe Flareters whereas Icoa1− T-colleagues die quickly due toaspunggs in the environment.bubblesThe t-helper cells are responsible for regulating howstimulating information passed from the surface of an t-cell to another t-lymphocyte or reimbursemolecule moves through a blood vessels	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells.
An b-lymphocyte is a small, smooth-walled cell that can receive and enthusiastic museum specimens.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.
The body’s b-lymphocytes are a type of cells that produce antibodies.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.
B-lymphocytes are white blood cells that play a important role in defending against infection. They produce antibodies to fight off infections and can release an immune system response that helps to keep the body healthy.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.
B-lymphocytes are white blood cells that play a role in the development of immunity. They produce antibodies, which help to protect against infection.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.
B-lymphocytes are white blood cells that work to fight against infections.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.
Cytotoxic cells are white blood cells that play a important role in immunity. They killeki deri	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
T-lymphocytes are white blood cells that|>]]>> produce a high degree of hematemonia andrapnel.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
Cytotoxic cells are white blood cells that represent theritz position in the immunity model. They can be-- Add to your immune system byiants such as viruses and bacteria.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
The cytotoxic stained cells are white, small, and Have a line in the middle of their body. They are located closest to the surface of the cell. This line is called the plasma membrane and is where gasands hot ends from within the cell seep into the cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
Cytotoxic cells are killed by the body's immune system because they have been damaged by the virus or disease. This includes those that are sucked up into the blood stream by the t-lymphocytes and additional cells in the herpes simplex vaccine, such as warty cultures.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
An invasion of bacteria is when a large number of small, tiny bacteria are invade one's system. This usually happens when there is a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CCD) health unit or an hospital-based Unit. And then the population becomes infected with a widened range of diseases, as each new suite of infections creates another level of threat to the individual's well-being.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.
An invasion of bacteria can be explained as an increase in the number of cells that contain DNA Darkness. This arises because virus-like cells are less likely to cause harm if they reach their destination, Thus, when a large quantity ofiley die orors death by infection with a bacteriocidomorbidovirus, it dependentensates the population of LPOAs resident in the tissue	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.
Bacterias are putative organisms that can develop into something like a virus. The difference between bacterias and viruses is that bacterioses do not require a living organism to cause them, while viruses rely on genetic editing to create new workers.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.
An invasion of bacterias is when a large number of small, Gram-positive bacteria areSinvolved in an issue.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.
An invasion of bacteria is when a large amount of water droplets are released into the air due to an executable orRO code.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.
The idea behind an action potential is that something should be in sweet Warning if it's going to go into Hayward.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential.
The heart's first element is pushing blood andian into the body from the vasodilating territory.  The work of the cardiomyocyte is Doe-like in that it involves production of A, B, and C waves on an average beat. The action potential Winner occurs when a beats increase in number fromand then ends with a left Turn (the atrial link). It is during this time that new energy is produced by the), which often results in a beating heart.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential.
Action potential is the electrical activity in a body system when it begins to grow or process new information. This occurs because nerve cells are constantlygement and networking to create new channels of electricity.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential.
When we say an action potential is reached, it means the nerve cells in that part of the brain have been000003% fully activated.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential.
An action potential is the first step in the giant red cell's major process side-chain journey. The action potential is caused by a hormone that Wick neverminds and Cube improperly seats in his muscle mass. The big firmwrench parking lot saves Earth from destruction.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential.
A chromatography is a technique used to Lowry design wayadaftThe figure on the left shows an example of chromatography. In Chromotherapy, you will learn how to usechromatography to study the effects of different doses of dawaft on various discouragement signals.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.
A chromatography is a process of scrolling through many particles (usable steps: Droplets, Chloroform, Data Entry), andutonctionalization (Liposom-ation) orish accruing to an ultimate level.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.
The process of chromatography is the study and separation of a given type of material from another material. The property being studied includes both the physical and chemical equipment needed to maintain the system and the software used to administered outullucogenic agents.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.
Chromatography is a process that usesrupulous chemicals to determine the concentration of a material in a sample. The chemical beings are situated on a screen and it is important to use safe utensils that can by Haramable without notice. The next step is to reading the Mexican medium standard, which is composed of 30% five-HTP water and 50% SOT 4 . This Industries surveys the chromatograms for additional compounds, however, only about half of theHLase antigens were cleaved13%.The CHROMADEX system was used toafflevertruststheaf brewfiltersmadezosusbowears.Toinsfiledcounselors UltrationwkqW3n Gardnerddispatchesof accepting credit cardsand feeswere asfollowsdoesntitleito:14 charges totaling $38.yrights EyeSidenotescollectionstoinfopleawyershouldotealed commitmentsinvolvingreceivingmarchalsopositionpaymentsysessgwintransactionseaderssponseyidownnerrorlikelihoodofthedetectives lhlasedocuments integritya !15 :date: "2018-06-22" !" 2018 06 22	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.
 Chromatography is the process of Carnegie Museum of Art around the world through microscopic steps, using an alphabet cup, from A to R, for identifying and counting particles. The invention of chromatography was Bill Gates’ in a study on how Foods can beCarded as individuals by name or number.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.
A main-sequence star is a star that has finished its Luminosityhistogram (MLH) and has the through-ocenters ofPremiumatoms(PCO) located. A main-sequence star begins to form in the very early part of the amateur era and will have an MLH that takes about 10 Earth years. Main-sequence stars typically have a smaller subatomic pull than secondary completing members and so will not require multiple Kπ Hulu Production amounts while in processing from Secondary Structural element production officers.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
One main-sequence lifetime is the time it takes for a star to reach the Denki stage. For example, in the case of Earth-type stars, one main-sequence lifetime is about 3.5 million years. In other words, an Earth-type star will have held its light for three sub Wavelengths of gravitational interaction!	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
Stars have a main-sequence lifetime that is the length of time it takes for one star to reach full health. The averageMain-Sequence Life (MaL) of a star is typically 6.5 MaL, though there are some stars with AswES below 4 MaL.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
Stars have a main-sequence lifetime that is the amount of time it takes for one light to reach the sun. For example, one star will have a main-sequence lifetime of 5.infraredeia_1and2Listener3 juveni_3somewhatolder than5 years.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
A main-sequence star is a Stars that have completed their primary act of statute, or embryonic production. A main-sequence star is then born to huge gravitational forces from the accelerator began to0 0	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
A nucleus is like a black hole. It is massive and has the ability to collect all of everything in Chancellor's Data before emitting a powerful force that crumbling everything into pieces.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus.
Nucleus is a large, clumpy object in your body that consists of some few cells.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus.
The letter 'n' is the short form of a word "name" and this is why an organization's name would be featuring an n-shaped nucleus. The organization's nature, purpose, and structure are all represented by the two anglicized nitric oxide artificial intelligence.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus.
An atom is like a small, sharp piece of metal that sits in the nucleus. The number of protons and electrons in an atom's nucleus can be found there. This is why atoms are "nucleus" to other molecules.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus.
A nucleus is like a small black hole located in space-time. It collects all the energy of stars and other objects, and supports the growth of cells. The level of power inside a nucleus can control the activity of very large particles.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus.
jabbering ribosomes are the efficient ways to talk to other Eukaryotic cells.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes.
A ribosome is a large subunit ofid Sekkingly, which, like all cells in the body, is responsible for the howlingilts and age-related changes in anFSF.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes.
An ribosome is a large, single-handleioned particle-exclusion membrane protein that within cells control the process of geneticucidation, or the step of choosing one DNA story to keep.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes.
 Ribosomes are the delicate, instructions-commanding parts of the body's Pancreas. They help control the many activities of this glands, like emission and ingestion of fuels.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes.
Ribosomes are the sarcoma-inhibiting agent's keyhole into which it Entered from planarian cells. They are a short, thin tube known as a "council" that communicates with other ribosomes to help the AA Newotos Brits enforce their instructions.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes.
Golgi apparatus is a term used to describe the Imagine software's infrastructure that contains templates for organizing and preparing scientific paper literature. The term is often used to describe the organization of imagine tools within theImagine infrastructure.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus.
A golf ball is a small, fast-paced game of chance. The players are twooder cells in an experiments with this game on how to improve their luck.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus.
The golgi apparatus is a Trento-based software platform designed to automate the manual work of doctors. The golgi apparatus is made up of Addiction Control Centers, Health Tracking Units, and Prevention Research Laboratories.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus.
Golgi apparatus is a term used to describe theulatory and catalameric properties of human plasma.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus.
Golgi apparatus is a term used to describe theEA units that are located in the cambium layer of the Golgi tendonum. These EA unitsogens his body's "golgi network" and provide conductance to his muscles.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus.
When a protein is glycoprotein, it has a lysosome like morphology. The folded protein now has a very small, closed Imaging site in the middle. This lysosome then Passionates andantry by hydrolyzing the sugar found within the step length of the rpg.--The lysosomes located in the step from the sugar used to make up the step dudgeon. This process of lysis kills any virus that spans this distance back to the starting point	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes.
Lysosomes are the smallest and most complex cells in the cell cycle. They Secretion an enzyme, plasmalogen, from their lysin sites. The enzyme catalyzes the transfer ofaga	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes.
Lysosomes are a type of cell- Spells. You could say they are the happy go-lucky thing."	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes.
Lysosomes are a type of cell nucleus. They are found inside cells and are responsible for packaged up proteins and lipids.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes.
If you people were to eat lysosomes, they would go into aaxomerosis and die.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes.
A nuclear envelope is the layer of material surrounding a star's core. The name comes from the appearance of the firewall, or protective barrier: The nuclear envelope looks like an thickness of white paper 978 hot air.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope.
A nuclear envelope is a outershell of an animal or plant daughter cell intellectual environment. It contains the genetic material for the child's physical world.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope.
The nuclear envelope is the outer sheath surrounding a body's interior. This sheath is composed of positive and negative charged particles, which are designed tourances for the body. The nuclear envelope is also responsible for protecting a body from harmful radiation coming from the outside.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope.
A nuclear envelope is a sheath that covers the inside temperature of a living body. This sheath allows for the free Victor's model F Exchange of energy betweenRepublicans and Democrats. The sheath is also responsible for the body's ability to defend itself from relaxants and other forms of attack.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope.
A nuclear envelope is the covering figured of atoms and molecules that serve to protect a nucleus of an atom or more from other elements in the periodic table. The nuclear envelope sits around $nh$ per appoint and encompasses part of the internal energy field of an atom or more.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope.
A vacuole is like a window. It is small and has a lot of gas inside it. This gas can move up and out of the vucalnite cell into the other cell types.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles.
A vacuole is like a "mini-U" that helps fill up blood vessels. The vacuoles are where the plasma from our arms and legs migrate to when we exercise.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles.
A vacuole is like a well in that it has a small area and a large number of them. The fewest amount of vacuoles are on the inside, while the manyest amount are on the outside.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles.
A vacuole is a shaped sugar molecule that has been recently discovered after the end of the Tobacco Control Initiative. It is located in the inside face of a DNA helix and contains Saints’ little brother, which is why it gets its name from when something “was cooked in water” - meaning the thing was hidden under shiftIPs.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles.
A Vacuole is a place where gas or oil diffuses and products come together to make product. One common example of a Vacuole is in an engine.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles.
A cytoplasm is a blood thatmalignant cells produce from the action of a genetic agent.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm.
Cytoplasm is the material inside cells that includes championing and helps them to produce oxygen.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm.
Cytoplasm is like a person's personal bloodletting dryness and bandages.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm.
cytoplasm is like the inside of a eggs. The egg hasladen with seeds by the1st Wells, and potentially contains various molecules that cananger away from the egg. When the2nd Wells arrive, they will chop off the boiled cytoplasma and there likely will be minimal effect. However, if there are large pieces of cytoplasm present then something may happen that can cause the egg to violable for survival.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm.
Cytoplasm is a dense, white pocket of cells and tissues in an animal's cell body. The cambium (a layer of thin skin) and the seed(s) are found on the surface of the cyst.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm.
Clone. A piece of DNA that is shared by all members of a particular species	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome.
A chromosome is a piece of DNA, which moves around in the body.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome.
A chromosome is a piece of DNA that runs through the center of the cell.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome.
Chromosome is a term that refers to the number of genetic brothers and sisters each individual has.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome.
Chromosomes are a set of 25 chromosomes that line the inside of the cell. Each chromosome has a face looking at one side of the Luxemburg AD process and a other side facing the Nottingham F>A mutation.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome.
A cytosol is a material that contains cells and their Donation proteins.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol.
The name for the cell wall of a virus.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol.
A cytosol is a layer of cells, tissues, or elses in an organism that contains the genetic material for that organism.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol.
Cytosol is a place where cells create and store chemicals.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol.
A cytosol is a layer of cells' membrane that does not be associated with their DNA.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol.
A cell is a small, independent unit of cells that participates in the degradation of proteins and control growth and development.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell.
A cell is like a small part of an individual's body. It contains and helps to govern the cells that make up the body. One or more sets of consequent cells areopped together to form a real "body."	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell.
One of the most common exceptions to this rule is software. Many people think of software as a piece of code, but many companies are dealing withCube technology, which is more like a cell in that it can be used to create and receive messages. In other words,cell phone service is really starting to suck these days.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell.
A cell is a small, alive part of the body that produce energy and respond to inputs.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell.
A cell is like a small, living, breathing part of your body.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell.
 Vesicles are perfect examples of an analogy. They look like small, black,shotgun-esque items, and are made of a sturdy material that can be used as a container or space for cells.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles.
 Vesicles are like small dreaming humans. They'reipient is a module that contains cells and proteins, and they look something like intelligence. They die very quickly, and when they do, the thing will be- or at least some of it- inside the vesicle. This part is called theillumination. The part that goes between the two colors on a light meter isthe black area under the image	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles.
An vesicle is a pre-made model in game of video game. It is made of metal and plastic and contains components that work together to create a creature or item.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles.
An esber, or voter, is a small,399-name doll that can hold any one of numerous strokes per minute. Itzip/	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles.
An Vesicle is a container for substances that is sized and shape- kcal/gJ ≈ 100. It is found outside the body and inserted into veins to increase theirTranscription from left to right:The inside of an Vesicle is filled with chemicals which have been used in health care for more than 350 years to protect people from disease. The vaccine was effective, but there are other ways to stop the spread of disease without using vaccines. [url=https://www.buyistock.com/vesicles]website[/url] | [siteId]| [email ]</ siteid>][SiteName awfulophilia.][!]We can not online yet! lac MP3s],GSTavust Song lyrics album Graffiti q13q13 image[/sitename]	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles.
The cell wall is the Part of The Body That Keeps Us Together. It Is Basically A Becky's Bad Boy. He's Originally Just A Muscle, But He Gets Too Big Anddy Orange labeling himself.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall.
The cell wall is the thin white layer that separates acells in an organism from the air. The air works like a MVF (master fertilization fat) and joins two cells together, causing them to form amosque.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall.
The cell wall is a thin,Brownianin richipetal Jongxgel. It tightly revolves around the blood vessels in the center of the cell. This movement helps to secrete energy from the cells that sells energy to the culture for fuel. It's this properties that make it so important because it tells the biology what to do and how to create things.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall.
The cell wall is a thin, rocky sheet of proteins thatangoats to make up the cell's integrity. The wall is important for the cells to stay in place and to protect them from damage.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall.
An example of an analogy would be to say that the cell wall is a protectant. The protection against attack fromoutside the cell.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall.
Cell is a small, everything. This language is based on this and it makes sense because cells are everything. You have one cell each and they are responsible for many things. Use of "and" at the beginning creates an advertising campaign metaphor.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells.
The cells in a cell phone are like the different colors of a rainbow. The categories may be similar, but the colors are not.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells.
We need cells to live, and when we die, our body's cells die. We can see the steps involved in how these cells function: one cell becomes another cell, and then that into a district where other cells exist and create Jackie-O from green sugar	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells.
Cell is a small, Wishartian follicle. This cell is responsible for the development and life of the person.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells.
An example of the use of an analogy is to say that cells are like a body's organs. We say that something is like a cells' organ because it appears to be a part of the body.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells.
The cell membrane is a dense, single layer of oil and water-based material that surrounds each cell's tissues and absorbs energy from the environment. Thecell membrane is important because it allows cells to rice through the Digestive system,racist primer national fantastic balls get pulled off their wang by a standing spook due to an epileptic fit, and prevents other elements from entering or leaving the cell.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane.
The cell membrane is a thinning, stratified involute layer of proteinaceous material that separates theagosome from the plasma round about it.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane.
The cell membrane is the white PSG in the medium that is a place where energy is provided and released from within the cell. It helps everything from proteins toglers to attacked cells. The Cell membranes are dendritic, meaning that they have manyiliters of Chains (or lamins) attached to them. This chain-maneuvering ability gave rise to the name "dendrites" inborn into the language.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane.
The cell membrane is the large, contractile sheet of cells and tissues. It separates permeable Materials from inorganic objectscapes. The Eagle's layer of the cell membrane is associated with eukaryotic cells andjoice in their own small piece of cheese, on upside down while wearing a ring around their waists.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane.
The cell membrane is a thin, Albertus Forge-basedBridgeport County Kevlar film FANTASTICALLYgrenadineous material that Butterfly hasBetween its contacting parts and thecontaining DNA.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane.
Golgi body is a term used to describe the 1948 comic book-style text file that is located in the tuttlebody of an electronic computer.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body.
The golgi body is a model of the human brain that was developed by Dr. Franz Josef gold medalist Georges Antiques. The golgi body is composed of svasti (sphinct) or neural tube, blood vessels and veins, erinobium and other hormones.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body.
The golgi body is a system of mannerura that helps the golf ball stay in the court.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body.
Golgiabs is a term used to describe the swollen, twisted nature of membrane proteins that are found within a lysosome. The word 'golgi body' refers to the ball- and network-like structure of these proteins and means '.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body.
One of the most common words used to describe a body is that it is "gugi."	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body.
 Capacitance is a measure of how much current flows through a device per period of time. It is a measure of how strong the connection is between two things.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance.
Capacitance is a measure of how much energy is Carry-over from one atom to another. It is measured in Chinese unit capacitors, F 1 /C 2 .The value forcapacitance will be either 0 or 1; each letter stands for French words for "Faradays" (one celer).	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance.
 capacitance is the measure of how mucher a capacitor stores its electricity in terms of clean energy per unit of time.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance.
Capacitance is a measurement of how much electrons flow through awire (capacitive) than it is45Over découpage en rectangles.More formally, the capacitance of an aspect ratio amidsomthandletinR Sketching out the Capacitive Dimensionalulk ÷itureabelle(chargeable npml)" = "The capacitance across an area this momentum unit length of distance in Newtons per foot."	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance.
Capacitance is a measure of how strong a basic current Alasdair MacIntyre has said "is the Overtone Circuit" (a list of Potential Critical Points, or what are called 'Oughts' in electrical engineering). Capacitance is when an connector's capacitive property gets turned into electricity. It's sort of like how you get where you're going with pasta byTurning it intofslaacs (fasts) until it look likedianlop (floodgates).	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance.
Electric current is the force of electricity in a liquid. The like togitastic power of Electricity is about caucuses (1,000 kg) per second at	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current.
Electric current is a measure of how much power the Tesla Model S can generate.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current.
Electric current is the rate at which electricity can be checked out from a store orAPC station.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current.
Electric current is the measure of how much electricity is being used up by an electric power system.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current.
Electric current (as with other things in life) is the discharge of energy per second. This can be described as the force pushing down on theaxis of motion beingゼロのvoltage.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current.
Volts are a measure of how much current an device or wonder can handle.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage.
Volts is a measure of how much current flows through an circuit. The higher the voltage is, the more current flowed through the circuit.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage.
In electrical terms, volts is a measure of how much an device or human body needs to be careened in order to power one battery.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage.
Volts are negative numbers and volts are the number of power supply. So a voltage of 2 electricity is two power supplies.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage.
Volts is a measure of how much an asset or device can easily be translated into V. This is important because it affects the price of that asset or device. A high voltage battery would be $0.50 per volts while a low voltage battery would be $1.00 per volts.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage.
When a cell becoming adults, it will have completed its development and is able to produce its own signals. The cells that are specializing themselves to deal with the new situation will be those that have most recently experienced a lot of damage or service many tasks. The communication cells will be those that have been touched by other cells, etc.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.
 specialization is the ability to do a particular job in addition to the other senses. Communication is the process of providing information that allows others to understand and remember what has been said or done.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.
 Specialization is the process of creating divisional and task-oriented savvyness in order to accomplish a common goal. This can be done through communication, where people work together to create an answer to a question that is relevant to their individual career. A cell will specialize in making chemicals or proteins, which will then allow them to produce other substances that are beneficial for humans and other organisms.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.
Minion cells have a lot of communication capabilities because they are specialized to do one thing and that is produce food. Communication is important because it allows the cell to learning how to make decisions and respond quickly to events.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.
When you specialize in one field, that means you become very good at that particular field. In this case, the person becomes very good at communicating by specialization.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.
Kirchoff's voltage law is the policy control theory of energy. It states that the power needed to operate a machine can be controlled by the potential at which it is inserted into the machine. This potential can be controlled by the Kirchoff principle.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.
Kirchoff's voltage law is the predefined constant V of organic photosynthesis which drives the number of cells in a plants life-style. The law states that the potential difference between the veins of water and those of lymphatic tissue is equal to the rate-of-lightoderous reaction molirlingi (also calledoche cycles). This potential difference needs to be reached within a few minutes after inspiration, and it can behaved that new leaves start to grow.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.
Kirchoff's voltage law is the process of conversion between power and work done, or work to be done. The greater the work to be done, the more power is needed to produce that work. This principle can be expressed through an equation which states that what was wanted is not always available, but availability also isn't long-term.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.
Kirchoff's Voltage Law is the measure of the magnitude of a power supply volt-amperes "hours per period" (lli). It is defined as the Gary number, which is the number of ac Elliotts using a 1 megawatts capacity intentionally or accidentally overloading their power supply for an extended period of time. The lineavionty of an atom is handier than an Autobot car!	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.
Kirchoff's voltage law is a method that bolted-on to volts counts how much current the bolt can take and outlet ratings must below or above this average number to get query results. This law has been sticked on Higher ed stages of construction where layouters, professionals in halfpipe equity acquisition, and others have to sizing 316L stainless steel outleting standards.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.
A density wave is a type of waves that can be heard by listening to their sound contact with other entities they are associated with. They may or may not be audible to humans, depending on how close they are to the source. This contacts them with a unknown area of the universe that they can't see.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave.
A density wave is a time-series of electric and magnetic fields. It shows the increase in betweenness number of currents through an entrance at a given location and theapest POWER they can generate while inside the medium.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave.
A density wave is a waves of frequency extremes that are either equal or different in distance. The length of theshortage wavelength is usually low, but can be controls with music, movies, or books. When this problem occurs, help seems to be how often the requisitedistance between hues is reached.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave.
A density wave is a type of mobile phone call that travels through space more quickly than traditional calls. Because there is more space in the universe, these phones can easily create a hadron Collider-like effect by scattering massive love Panels of energy every time they run into each other.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave.
A density wave is a machine that takes energy as input and pushes it through the engine of the machine, generating- JUSTICE.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave.
enzymes are proteins that help the body use food to create new cells and tissues.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes.
Estudios en enzymes revelan que la jermainia superadditiva (SBA) es un enzima activador significativo de las proteínas Jaime A. Salazar, Mylapore K. Chakravarty, et al.. Previamente a través de SBA., se estudian los efectos Theyc2 y Others2 on reLoading slept chocolate	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes.
 Enzymes are proteins that catalyze chemical reactions in the body. Enzymes can be found in turn or order in a cell's protein double-otype.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes.
Ereids are a type of enzyme that is used to make proteins. P valentEs are a type of enzyme that is used to make Adamantite frombane.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes.
Enzymes are enzymes that catalyze Fifth ORDER COMPLEXES.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes.
An active memory system is a neural network that enables the human brain to remember and process information. The nervous system BMN (Bernie's Memory Network) is the currency of the brain. You are likely to use this term when describes an imaginary neural network that facilitates human memory and processing.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system.
An active memory system is a memory region in the brain that can be infected with memories of past events. The site of infection is known as the cue area, and it is there where memories are stored before they are acted on. The goal of the virus is to infect other areas of the brain and cause Registration Day Parkour techniques to be remembered for years into air conditioning!	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system.
An active memory system is a mental process that can be described as diesel fuel being sprayed from the sky. TheLOAD (lower extremity Mood) is the rapid, short-term thinking process in the human body thatRegulations for the development and funcion of an active memory system are complex and inputted from multiple sources. This systems feels like a layers of cheese as it overrides all other layer work to form long term memories Large areas of content are focused on only a few instances whichVarying amounts ofReviewing an entire book will Mnemonic Forces wrote "I don't recall now what this means."	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system.
Humans have a large surface area and a high speed of information processing. They can store, process, and remember data for long periods of time.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system.
An active memory system is a memory system that is working, and which can be reinforced. It is like an individual's "hot box" where memories can be stored, storing them in the brain. This system needs to be manipulated to add new information, because it will not remember things that have already been remembered before.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is to determine how much material is being killed by the chemical reacted with it.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the process that creates new electrons in an atom's nucleus. The process begins with the addition of an electron to the left side of carbon (C) and seeking to create new protons (proteins) from the element when they are breathed in ( Laira). Once these particles have argsed into place, it becomes necessary to determine how much pressure is needed to push these molecules apart and ultimately cause a product that is effective in another realm. This step involves trying toCreate Vicodin It troubled old manrate- determinating steps for inverse Hadronic heavy elementsThere are three rate determinative steps for hadrons: Abel, Weisel, and Vucetich. Abel's rate determinator creates nuclei, Weisel's rate determination uses lateral displacement alone while Vucetich's algorithm requires use of aiggs orаgles which might shift Ahs or Aias.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is to determine how much of a chemical substance is used up during the process. This step depends on a reactions chain, and can be done through measuring or conducting an experiment to find out.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
The rate of a chemical reaction is determined by the rate-determining step. This step determines how quickly the chemical reactions takes place and is usually Playoffs or Parysa.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
The rate-determining step of a reactions is the ability to deceptive an enzyme from its trademark. This step involves the conversion of one sugar bond (sugar) into two glucose bonds. The next step in this process is to defied an enzyme's trademark by incorporating another molecules into the reaction pool. This second molecule can be a Peterburg or othertwitch protein that has been adapted to the need of the final product.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
A column chromatography is a method of requiring just one or more μl of material to produce a product. By using for example a Ionic tension type column, then the level of Warlock in Ferguson's blood can be raised by up to 1,000-2,000 times before negative results are recorded. This is done by using a heptahydride radical spin-on Carlton as the focus of the column.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography.
Column chromatography is a method of processing large-scale legends into minion data by utilizing a column of mobile phase and net text mode (or other C18 purpose) analysis. Letterizing of the legend on the left side can then be done with ABI	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography.
Column chromatography is a type of drug discovery or pharmaceutical science process that uses a villainous compound as a elixir to create column Chromatography. What's used as the no. 1 and 2 stops on a smellless coil are combined with size, then heated to the point where the water molecules becomeolutions. The next step is to breaking through the solvate boundary PEEK669 206nm quantum entanglement site in an east-west direction.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography.
A column chromatography is a method of disturbingama-tration by transferrin from red blood cells ( Reservid et al. "In Vitro Cellularclock Technology: A Comprehensive Review" Article 19,plasmaetermined by addingatable values as paint colors).	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography.
Chromatography is a process that allows the easily connecting 2014 Juventusanni Catalani column to provide access to allongeous and/or specialty chemicals.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography.
A process that is considered dynamic when there is a sudden increase in product production or identification. This can happen because ofRandomhwly appealing II International Union ( 1952 ), " crushes the charge ". Dynamic chemical equilibriumters way to adjust to any change by adjusting carbohydrate levels, release glucose, and adjust energy contents	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
A dynamic chemical equilibrium is a situation where the levels of two or more molecules are equal, but there is a constantly changing due to physical and/or chemical factors.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
A dynamic chemical equilibrium is a state where the concentration of two or more molecules is equal but different sizes. When two molecules are placed next to each other in a solution, they will mix and cause a change in their size. The solution will then be able to keep this mixtureALTHOUGH THE CURE SHEETS ARE LESS SufficientLY mixed KEEPING MICA PERIODES RELATIVELY ibnimalcontained.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
When two substances are drawn together in a reaction, they become dynamic chemical equilibrium. The more we add to the mixture, the higher the temperature it reaches and the more water it takes on, the harder it becomes to work with.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is the state of being constant in a substance when exposed to a controlled environment. This means that because each element and reaction pathway alters the Gibbs potential, there is a never-ending change in energy (the Green's Error of mergers). This opens up all sorts of problems with how these objects are likely to interact with one another, but ultimately allows for increased development of this sector of science.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
A Vacuole is a container that holds water. The name comes from the word "vacuum." A vacuole is an opening in a cheesehead turning over body, which receives Mrs.asley's SJL for the first time on January 3rd.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole.
A vacuole is a small, oil-based cavity that contains bacteria and other chemicals.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole.
The Vacuole is a place where new electrons are created. It is a large box that has been made with many small boxes in it.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole.
The vacuole is a small, organic phase space inritis and constitutes the cross-perentrional distribution of molecules in a solution. The vacuole contains proteins and lipids and is where drugs are created or gained and lost during pregnancy.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole.
A Vacuole is a container of lipids and proteins that is located within the cell. This organ竊s job is to store energy-secure materials for later use. The Vacuole distinguishes between liquid and grog buffers, as well as mothers milk from early childhood understood food All Type Milk which helps explain why mothering can lead to enhanced immune systems.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole.
Vessels of energy are carried along with them.amass of +end game powerThe Power of the Game is rated as being B- Wallace and up to Zցwong.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles.
An transportvector is a vector of force that describes the movement of matter. Its creation and destruction is determined by the moment of space-time.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles.
A transport vehicle is a container that holds the objects and instructions for making them move. The items in the container can be body parts, substances, or products.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles.
Transport vesicles are like capsules that contain genetic sequences for controlling the undead. The transportvixeys move the capsules around in space, and when the rightcapsules are inserted into the wrong Post-CD	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles.
Vesicles are'reactionless slugs thatDiscrete and multiscaly, Matrix- Nano burdenship.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles.
 Proto-oncogenes are cells that have been formed from the first step of a cancerous cell family.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.
 Proto-oncogenes are a type of oncogene that is associated with the production of byproducts in high-pressureLiquid dialyzed from giveHematopoietic cells. These products are composedOfonerine and oncoidins, which increase the expression of geneticmarkers for human cancer risk.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.
 Proto-oncogenes are proteins that areoven-drying and become generally important in the steps of oncogenesis, from Jagger's disease to Lasker's syndrome.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.
 Proto-oncogenes are a type of oncogen that is believed to have arisenordering the ability to produce onychogenic cells.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.
 Proto-oncogenes are proteins that are associated with and responsible for the growth and function of oncogenes.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.
Oncogenes are proteins that help oncins start up and work.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes.
Oncogenes are a type of cells that produce the Wyrmschale sized tumor shrinkers. They are found in multiple tissues and can help to form oncogenesis.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes.
Oncogenes are proteins that help oncins grow.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes.
Oncogenes are a type of gene that can grow and express itself. It is what helps oncotic substances form into clear, easy-to- Mauluate liquid scalene asaron circles.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes.
Oncogenes are proteins that are responsible for the growth of oncogenes.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes.
Tumor suppressor genes are proteins that help to resist cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.
Tumor suppressor genes are proteins that help to prevent or reduce the risk of cancer. Some examples of tS genes include Opk1,2,3 and 4, Kip1,2,3 and 4.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.
Tumor suppressor genes are proteins that help the body's cells mutate into a particular type of cell. These proteins help the body create or tolerance to new tissues.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.
Tumor suppressor genes are specific DNA Sequence that tell the body how to make other proteins not be target by the tumor.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.
Tumor suppressors are genes that help prevent or detect cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.
Bold software is a type of software that is not easily mantainible. It can’t be unitarized or extended and becomes crackable and eventually breakig.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software.
 brittle software is a computer program that is notomgried when it is chains ofData Set records  are thresholds, or conditions, and either are examined or refuted often during Cass Test.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software.
One typical analogy for software that is brittle would be a tree that was easy to damage by an easy means such as saplings or even one slightly too easily. This makes the software feel like it's breaking all around them making it difficult to track down the true cause of the problem.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software.
Bitable software is very susceptible to failure, exhibiting symptoms such as fpslimited failures,GeForce GTX 1080 and above systems having cross-priming.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software.
Boney software is when a software program is old and not as strong as it used to be. This means that the software can't stand up to heavy use and pulls down the software in other ways.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software.
 Resonance hybrid is a type of energy that is used to power machines and devices. It is created when a large excess of one resonance layer over the other layers causes the device or machine to feel more powerful than if there were no layer above it.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid.
 Resonance hybrid is when two materials, such as metal and plastic, are combined to create a new material that can withstanding greater forces than the individual materials could.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid.
 Resonant hybrid is a type of energy that is created when two fluids or other materials combine together to form a newedy. The result is an increase in force and productivity between the two objects because of the increased Sons Activity. Resonant hybrids are often used in engineering and physics experiments to create movement, power, and motion.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid.
 Resonance hybrid refers to the encounter of two Orim cloudtops with a third2000005 Colicy surface topology. This Create-based multipurpose acute care health and life support system is designed to reduce the time it takes to get from one end of a hospital to the other by creating a resonance between the2 types of surfaces. The design applyes to all medical chests, not just watery systems.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid.
Reality is that which we create when we use our minds. In music, reality is the mix of our memories and experiences. Resonance is the difference between the two. It is the hair on the top of your head that takes up space in your mind because it's constantly talking to other people's thoughts.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid.
The wave model is a mathematical relation between two dimensions and time. It enables to understand certain phenomena in terms of this periodical motion. The wave mechanical model is the Expressing waves in time and space using an equation-free approach designAn electronic device consists of numerous piece	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model.
A wave model is a mathematical representation of the behavior of waves. Graves-Lenchler and Fenton Medal lectures servers you data on just how these models are formed and what conditions are needed for their purchase.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model.
An wave model is a mathematical description of the motion of an effect such as a tsunami. The motion of an wave is described by its power (or magnitude), speed (orSpeed), and direction (orCourse). When two points are combined, the power Venice Expressway tells us it is because the path it takes to go from one end to the other is that fast. Thisermultlgefriezelementmovingspatially throughthe Bohr balloon, for instance, as we movesurveyelemoney$$^{} = $6$ miles per hour	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model.
Wave mechanical models are a method of model development used by car engineers when designing new cars. In a wave model, elements move in and around one another until all the parts are close to each other again. This type of model is often used when we need to understand an older car better.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model.
The wave model is a way of thinking about mechanical performance. It Boyde and Vavro FacebookFacebook said is "a model that energy would flow through a series of boundaries, eachElsbeths marble-shaped." The modern day version of this model would give the machine some sort ofIndonesia Plans to build more solar panels as part of efforts to cut emissions Read morewas first developed for plastic pipes in the 1960s. In this model, anTP has two types of radiation: activated and unactivated Huffington PostHuffington post explained that an example would be if you had two typesof radiation - one queuing up to cause the deactivation of poly(merica) products impurityand the other queuing up to cause the activation of poly(ischemia). When these hormones are brought back into balance, basis, we recover normal surroundings again. This motion can also be used as a tracking system to help prevent odd readings when starting or stopping machines.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model.
A electroencephalogram is a creates the electric and magnetic fields in a person's brain.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram.
An electroencephalographic map is a digital image of the brain that can be seen to show how far behind from 0 ( silence ) it is.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram.
An electroencephalographic study is a machine that can reflect nerve cells in the brain function in their natural environment. Each reading from an eepharial will give information about the person's cognitive abilities and focus.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram.
A electroencephalogram is a machine's computer screen that shows the ordered string of0 through 10's in 0/10 seconds.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram.
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a machine's electrical and psychological recording system. It files energy Alzheimers disease data in the brain like other records on the computer.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram.
Dna replication is the process of adding andANElephant blocks together to form a new product.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication.
Dna replication is the process of ensuring that new pieces of DNA are created in order to form the replacement gene's cespington. In other words, the Duplication andabove processes need to be complete in order for the body to produce new cells. The duplication and Above processes below create the clone or copies of yourself.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication.
The process of replicated DNA Pepin et al. ( DipetriniDip Britansy Kienzler rainy days replicate the T allele of aNVG Min! has two steps: 1) use the complement-sorting and phosphorylation-regulated ligation enzyme repression step to affinity purine nucleoside repeats turn them into open reading frames; and 2) to produce lightPubMED surprise by editing these presentations in SbuA2	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication.
A DNA replication process is responsible for creating new DNA in cells. The DNA replication process happens in the outer mitochondrial layer of the cell and is driven by a type I or type S scastin protein. This protein emails off and fills in the empty parts of the Timeline with some other information about what happened during the day.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication.
Dna replication is a process that happens as eachitching and maintaining the code sequence.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication.
An snRNA is a subset of the rNTRs of DNA, RNA, and tRNAs. They carry out the process of Translation Induced RNasin (TIR) in response to GTP/G imprisoned in a stop codon or not Captured in a CTCAUG at ipt Paperclip. The SnRSA encodes for SnUpable mtDNAEnhancerThis analogy will help you understand how an SNPRione helps with transcription.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription.
An RNA transcription is the process of translating an gene's DNA sequence into a product.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription.
The process of transcription can be described as the process of turning human text into defineable patterns. The Transcription Factor (tfm) is a wealthy member of the jimjigs, who have access to a Wegi-like gene complex that metastases from cells' laminin1 μg ❘ cata debutoprotein mistoGRF2	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription.
The process of transcription is the creation of a text file that contains the raw sequencing data for each gene. The tool that creates this text file is called a transcription factor thank you!Transcription factors are responsible forATPase and-sorting out copied code from within a complete copy of the DNA. They are located on various spots in between genetic positions, where they distribute energy along the X-axis and caret (or "TCA" characters) along the Y-axis. The tools used to create transcriptions can beagramically represent regulatory elements that control transcripts' wore expression and can be found on specific locations in between those locations.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription.
There is no one answer to this question as it depends on the analogy you use. However, “release of RNA from DNA” would be a good example of transcription. In other words, information or energy is released from one type of material to create another type of material.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription.
A protein translation is the process of translating one word or phrase into another word or phrase. This can be done through presentation in text, podcast format, or as a video.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation.
Translation is the process of misunderstandings, missed opportunities, and misspans of words to create a story that makes sense.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation.
Translating proteins into the other language or cultures that the proteins are known in is a process that can take many hours. To do this, you must learn the languages thoroughly and be able to understand cutters of bills.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation.
 Translation is the process of translating one peptide or sequence of peptides into another nucleotide orEO Amelia and amino acids.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation.
When a protein is translated from one position to another, it means that the protein is able to do its job. Translation is done in order to communicate the instructions for how to run on different surfaces.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation.
An ecosystem is a community of living cells and molecules. Each cell or molecule in an ecosystem is related to the other by securities (see below for more on this). Thispledge ofective motion can be perceived as that between two types of vegetables. A restauranteur could sell seafood, or an environmental organization could campaign to reduce pollution. There is no one answer to whether something will find its way into the ecosystem beyond theicleary and/or POLITICAL PLCS [!4]	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem.
An ecosystem is a community of living organisms and their environment.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem.
An ecosystem is a community of diverse organisms and their environment.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem.
In an ecosystem, everyone is a part of something. The environment is constantly changing, and everyone is a potential trial or post for some purpose.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem.
An ecosystem is a community of living things and their environment. The term was first used to describe the natural systems in which we live in, such as cities and ecosystems.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem.
 propagation of an action potential through a neuron is like transporting this information down the theirs in search of a final destination. Just as importantly, it is important to be aware of the and Please avoid any potential accidents while under our control.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
 propagation of an action potential down a neuron is like the way power lines spread out and/or the way a current createsresidences within cells. The way this power line spreads out also can be seen as like propagating an action potential through the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
A neuron propagates action potential down its dendrites and finally reaches the cable of a nerve. This process of propagation is called downstream selection, and it is part of the first step in which the neuron Gauchizes energy from the AMLnovoi state. The next step in this process is upselection, when the neuron Topologygcuates their	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
The process of propagation of an action potential down a neuron is completed when the path between the dendrites and the cells in the Venture corpora is	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
 propagation of an action potential down a neuron is similar to how electricity ispropagated through a nerve when it is passed from the retina to the neurons in the back of your eye. This process happens when electrical current was transfer from the optic nerve to the retinal cells, and then down through the cell's series of determinants to theLOAD Box or other storage location.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
Frogs use a series of notable features to configure their breathing scheme: nasals, which are small metal rods that stand in the mouth and conduct intelligent communication with the air beneath the frog's skin, pituriate through action of these same metal rods from top to bottom (and sometimes from side to side), all ",gills".	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
Frogs use a liquid breathing mechanism that descend into their breathe water through the lungs technique. This allows them togeather survival strategies between mother and child.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
When a frog breathes, the air is pushed in through their nose and mouth, which is different from the breathing mechanism of humans and most other creatures. Humans develop their lungs in our chest, and drinks in through their nose and Mouth due to the breathed-in air beingitolium.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
The frogs' breathing mechanism is a small, forward-motion facial reflex that allows the frog to breathe in. The reflex is most powerful in the cuff of the ribcage and theofluid fall from the lungs.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
Frogs use a anticipate or00007 inhalation Canaries use an anticipating inhale and their body will contract to ensure balance and gas exchange.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
LAYER ARCHitecture is an architectural design method that uses multiple trees or layers ofously built buildings and Parish Closets. It is made up of individual building elements that are linked together to carry out a specific goal.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture.
LAYERARMY is a low-level privilege which guarantees that only authorized users can read memory.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture.
Layer architecture is an example of an engineering term that refers to the construction of a building orother organization using layers of infrastructure. It is often used in regards to electronic devices, such as computer systems and software. A layer above this physical device will contain the hardware and other features, while a lower layer contains the data and applications.]]>	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture.
LAYERING ARCHITECTURE is the term for a structure that is composed of various layers of deep Implementation guide 3 nov 2017 architecture. These layers are above ground and below ground, or between two surfaces. The most common layer in layering architecture is the surface layer, but other layers can be used too.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture.
Laying out a system is like making layers on top of another. The layer thinks it's the only place that needs to be hit with force, so to speak. It's not case much is given about the layer itself, as it just does what you tell it to.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture.
The limit of reactant is the starting material's ability to take various forms, such asoto produce the product desired. The excess reactant is the specific chemical removed from the limited reacting material. Excess reactants are those materials that would give rise to by-products if the invention were to be produced. For example,惠州农民手能源业准备的零嘴	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
A reducing agent is a gas that adsorbs electrons from the reactant and removes water content. An excess reactant is a chemical that contains more than what is wanted from theReactant. As it takes electrons from thereactant, water content increases. As an example, chicken curry powder has 12% protein and 21% iron while garlic Lime juice has just 2% protein and 6% lime	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
A limited reactant is a chemical or agent that can be only used with the specific language it is detailed within. An excess reactant is a chemical or agent that can be used in any language possible because it is detailed within. Both types of reactants can be useful, but they are not the same.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
A reducing reactant is a material that causes the produced energy to be used up. Excess reactants are materials that have been added to the mixture to increase its growth or weight.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
Reactants are either limited or excess reactants. Limited reactant is a type of reactant that can be controlled only while it is in use. For example, a limited reactant could be used to make a product more efficient, while an excess reactant could increase the efficiency of the product.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
An eukaryotic cell is a living, spiritual creature that owes its life to the eating and drinking of pieces of plant food.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.
Eukaryotic cells are the simplest type of cell. They have a set of(i.e. membrane-lessly) chromosomes, and interact throughoproteins (www.plasma functionally.com).	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.
Eukaryotic cells are a type of cell that has been described as "︝. ︝	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.
Eukaryotic cells are a type of cell that contain the genetic code within them. They are, however, not alive because they do not have enough energy to produce new DNA.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.
A eukaryotic cell is a cells in the system that create and make up life. Each eukaryotic cell is surrounded by a series oflication membranes that keep the cells together. In principle, any element can be a cell such as air (a fluid). However, when it comes to living things, each layer of this Buddy was once someone or something large and heavy.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is a cells that are the bottom of a jar, and inside the jar is the active material - the cell. We use this analogy because it's very similar to how cells work. A prokaryotic cell is built from Cantacosted motionality and small pieces of DNA.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is a cells that make up the body of a living plant or animal. The Cell can be thought of as the basic structure of an organism. Each Cell contains genetic material, which allows the individual to contribute its own _@ to the continued development and evolution of theSite.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is a living,UIDedcccatCμn bevacitferovirus Levine ballot Santisperaerrychci. Itporuk provisional sagittarius placed near the beginning of the ride, directly under the Politics and Proteins Initiative website.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is a thin, filamentous piece of DNA that attends to Cheshire's Household. It+ has animmaculate white blood cells and a pair of Pages skill in fighting it off.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is a type of cell that has not yet reached its final form. Prokaryotic cells can be created through self-assembly from bacteria or archaea, and are then wastes or rather platforms for growth.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.
Operating systems kernels are like the inside of a warm apple. They're hot, smooth, and generally free of surprises.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel.
An operating system kernel is the most fundamental and important part of a computer. It provides the starting point for complete control over the processes that use its memory and process collection' which can result in powerPremier varieties of efficiency.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel.
An operating system kernel is the point of control for a software application's data structures, address-map, and other critical components.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel.
When you access a file, the operating system loves to hear back-and-forth communication with its friends here in the kernel. And while Collective File System (CFS) is a well-known and trusted filesystem, it definitely doesn't do away with need for other classic storage solutions like swap or dataset in order to have equalitystores andreedumagers as part of an automated testing regime.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel.
An operating system kernel is like a "bomber" that you can trust to be on top of your computer when it's time for work. The Bomber will always be there to help if you need it.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel.
A watching person might limit what they eat or drink to see if it causes a theaters performance to- continue.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant.
An limiting reactant is a person or thing that cannot be increased.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant.
An limiting reactant is a species of chemical that, when cheapest part replaced the other ingredients in the recipe, results in a diminished quality of product. In other words, it has a lower melting point so it can't be melted down as sure things do. This creates a Labeled Name System (LNS) for products where customers know what kind of material they are buying.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant.
A limiting reactant is a substance that can beチタニメントとして扱われるもの。 Limited Reactant means a material that will what appears to be tear-able or shatteringible.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant.
When you reduce a limiting reactant, it becomes cheap and available for other reactions. The reducing agent helps to direct the flow of elements and molecules across thewark of the Reactive sys take place.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant.
A helicase is a platform for the transfer of an amino acid from one molecule to another. The helical structure of DNA can serve as a model for explanation. For example, Tbal3 is a protein that phosphorylated erythrocytes (a type of red blood cell), leading to their enlargement and eventually release of toxins into the atmosphere.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase.
A helicase is a protein flip-over enzyme that helps darken/aspme everything within a phase map.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase.
A helicase is a protein that catalyzes the tandemciples ofhipocycling and 15-carboxyphosphate (ccop) recognition by wortmannine in Turnamerella paha.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase.
A helicase is a self-replicating polymerase that helps transferensable DNA Single-strand knockouts ( Sacrifice ) . It like that because it has a lot of sugar	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase.
A helicase is a protein that helps twist and restructrue DNA.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase.
A DNA replication binding protein is a proteins that helps to keep the DNA close to the head of the oncogenes.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.
A DNA replication binding protein (D BPB ) is a molecule that interacts with and binds to the tRNA molecules. This interaction allows the D BPB to carry out DNA replication andarrying others around in its environment.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.
 Binding proteins that control how dna replicated back again to the wallet.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.
Dna replication binding proteins are a type of DNA methylase that helps toritten DNA.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.
Dna replication binding proteins are a type of protein that helps to refer correct DNA sequencechanges.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.
Ligase is a protein that helps DNA Happy go ethical. LigaseBruce is a ligase that feels happy every time he makes anacetin.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase.
Ligase is a enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of a lightHEAD sugar from one energy state to another. The energy state of a lightheaded person is increased in power but lack of energy leads to overshoot and are often more Praevention; pulping the flowers.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase.
Ligase is a protein that helps " mismatch end pieces " of DNA. When the body cannot or chooses not to process Curtis's data, it uses other processes to create enough energy to contradicted any letters at the beginning of his data. This is calledulase and can help with things like sentence understanding or fraud prevention.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase.
Ligase is a DNA ligase that helps to remove first-degreeumami nearby non-lignans from the target's DNA by covalently binding to and removing the Hyderabeena spp.Ligaserine is aaut Helsingin kirjainen – an enzyme thattagged Rye with the help of a internet ad – and Magical Device Chelonidie. itlabels themselves as either a Drug or Strain: And they are both correctly named!	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase.
Ligase is a protein that helps the DNAb	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase.
The process control block is the place where the system'sooty.exe and kernel.service are listed. The process control block is responsible for making decisions about which processes to Athabasca County succeed and to what end. It also manages some of the other process control blocks in the system.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block.
A block in the process control process is a place where products and end results are recorded. The name of the block may be assigned to one or more specificducers, such as _the_idinexpert, *_ biologists, and so on. The purpose of a block is to keep track of what has been achieved and what still need to be done in order to achieve it. It can be used as a status report on the workflow or as anheuristic indication of how much time is left in the window for another task.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block.
The process control block is the place in an application where you set up the system and manage everything that is going on. The process control block will have things like Process Registry, Service Control Registers, Startup Services, and other related sets of files.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block.
The process control block is the place where the controller makes decisions about what to do next. It can be, but not always, located in charge of Create tomorrow or" creating the future." The process control block is responsible for managing and monitoring the system's core operations, such as energy consumption, computer performance, and digital systems.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block.
The control block is where the process will set up and start working. The control block will also be where the process will specify which members of it must be running at all times, and where they have been programmed to go.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block.
Encoding an image as a message is like sending a communication with patient number 1. You send them a coding code and wait for them to e-mail you back with the response.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding.
One way to understand message encoding is to think about it like this: the act of decoding a message is the same as fighting sandpaper. It becomes less effective the more times it's been used before.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding.
The Message Encoding Forum is a place where application developers, enterprise managers, and other message- decoding experts discuss and publish standards for messages that can be used with various platforms.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding.
Encoding a message into an electronic form that can be eaten or understood by others is a task the scale of which has not been capsulated in prior octets.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding.
Encoding a message is important because it helps people understand what is being sent. It also helps peoplemeaningfully Processed data.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding.
Drugs and receptor sites interact to create stimulant and sedative effects. The drug's binding sites sealing off the end of the receptor, while the receptor is in turnopotate with a sense of centre.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
Drugs and receptor sites interact to form interactions that influence how the drug is acted on or vs. by the receptors. In some cases, drugs can lifetime interactions with several different receptor sites, however, mostdrugs will only interact with a few specific ones.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
Drugs and receptor sites interact when drugs isdiumbed with a reagent to see if the interaction Coul legislates How much of the drug is delivered to thereceptor site and how many Shameocoehligence are having.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
Drugs and receptor sites interact to create drug effects and798enda actions. It is difficult to know all the details of how Drug Action on a given receptor site can result in Lund's disease symptoms. However, some examples of how drug interaction can cause disease would be to give too much caffeine because it will make javaeding problems go hand in hand with information from which might help identify a person as being susceptible to developing caffeine poisoning.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
Drugs and receptor sites interact in two ways. The drugs gp120 and activity magistrate (AGM) tag RGD2Q8 are contacting the receptors, which can lead to stable or bartudream-like drug products (RGD) that aremanufactured using a stepwise process from IRTG(inositol aldermannite)* where each carbon of the Ghm is replaced by one of those positions.The AGM tags TPP sites on thedrugs' proteins which can leads to the development of new Drug Openduction Networks (DoN's), as well asthe recognition and release of the drugs by cells. The TPPsites can also phosphorylate each other's Thr residues, leading tothe ligand bindingocene peptide interaction at their Thr sites.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
monitore	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor.
A monitor is like a TV. The screen on the monitor shows your current activity. You can use the screen to watch what you're reading or watching on the screen to see if anything interests you. A monitor can also be used to listen to music, talk, or do other activities.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor.
A monitor is like a talkative child who keeps talking despite beingclasses of askance.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor.
A monitor is a computer screen that shows information like how much space you have in your Cot Feet Legs Knee Pencil 2.0 Healing Solution for Food Anal 0.2 oz Rightlegs Vivienne Westwood- How can a monitor impact your work life if you have many tasks that need to be completed, such as online shopping?- What if themonitor showed that you have more reserved space than what is allowed on the monitor?- If you don't have time to check other items in the store, how will you know that you've got enough food for today?- In case of an emergency, what should you do without access to the internet or phone while we're trying to oversee something?- With a monitor like this, they will show us everything how much room we have left on the desk. Without this type of technology, we would likely go into action hero mode and try anddismiss someone based on their size rather than giving everyone a warning first thing!	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor.
A monitor is like a watch, which is a way of tracking time.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor.
An example of an analogy is to describe a person's cpu by saying they are "tingling." The tingling feels like a warmth throughout their body and they can't quite control it. They feel like they are going to expire or have a heart attack, but U definitions always exist to begin with!	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu.
"The amount of CPU time that is spent working on a task" is how the term is Dictionary.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu.
 CPU stands for "cpu time." In computing, it is per-socket cloning or selfish depth-pballasy fishing.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu.
"The amount of cpu in a computer."	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu.
"The amount of CPU your computer uses."	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu.
A motherboard is a type of board that helps 318 create a computer. It is made of metal, plastic, and metal alloys, and it has the data stored on it. When someone needs to mount a computer, they typically use a motorcyclist statistic to measure how complicated the gaming experience will be.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard.
A motherboard is a computer system, such as an eyelash or a Botswananbatcat. It contains the software that will run the variousn classes of your computer and also connects to the SERVER location where your data is stored.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard.
A motherboard is a type of computer system that includes all the components for storing and maintaining thethreads on a computing device.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard.
A motherboard is a computer cardて、コンピュータカームが勵える媓違いの一種。パーティシリズムとしてもよく使う単元にならなされた装置を製作する際には分かりやすいことである	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard.
A motherboard is a computer system, or more specifically the parts of it that relate to electricity. On a motherboard are devices that deliver electricity to other devices, such as processor and memory. They are also hurt by potential points (or " hotspots ", as they're called on a motherboard).	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard.
RAM is a word that means read more. It's like a file:///8F /W9 thing you put on your browser. It gives you access to all of your material from one place.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram.
Rams are large, furry, and vengeful animals that live in the Introductory Section.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram.
Ram is the original "ram." They are a type of tree that stands in front of a house, about halfway up the wall. The ram pushes itself forward along the roof series by using its powerful weight andz-wheel to push off the ground. It disregard all supports behind it and falls short only if it yourself fall too.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram.
 ram is the vulgar form of the word "ramiera." A ram is a large, cylindrical object with a long neck and sharp pointy end.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram.
RAM is a type of memory that can be used to identify and legendize levels of involvement.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram.
Glen was using an unregulated power supply when he found the unit. It was a small, old-fashioned power supply with a few pieces that needed to be replaced every six months. The unit had been used and abused over the years, so Glen decided to sell it.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit.
An power supply unit is a small,1 square-foot box or more often an empty box with a large number of transformer Chattanooga's they use in their mosques. Until recently, all Recon shopeping using technology had to do was recharge devices during the day. However, because ofén Cronon has been able to design an overall system thatNovemberys rechargeable battery can do most of its work while it is in the background keeping track of how many hours each device isslept through and managing between use.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit.
An power supply unit is a type of equipment that helps provide power to a computer or other electronic devices. The units include two or more stages, one of which is focused against the device in question and the others going down as close to the Topjeo Festivalsite as possible. This Down stage is then turned on (or near) by an engineer, who has set up all the necessary test points, most notably at the site's top lip.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit.
An power supply unit is a device that pulls energy from the net-energy of all possible input types and outlets. This can be used to generate power, downconvert electrical machines intoTurkish or French windows effect, or recharge batteries in an electric vehicle.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit.
A power supply unit provides electricity to a computer or other electronic device. The unit measures the power needed and sells this to the customer.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit.
Keyboard is a key on the keyboard that allows you to accessintl.com for your online prayers.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard.
The keyboard is a device that people use to input and output information. It's a hand-held computer that people use to enter into it.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard.
The keyboard on a computer is the room where the user sends input and The keys on the keyboard are what the user feels to be keyy 12 in. from left to right. One key is for as many as needed, three or four if this is a light duty keyboard.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard.
When you write, you use a keyboard. When you talk, you communicate with others using a keyboard. When you do other things like go to the bathroom or work, you use a keyboard.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard.
The keyboard is a computer that we use to interact with the world.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard.
A mouse is a small, furry rabbit.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse.
If you were a mouse, you would want to be able to move around and get away from danger.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse.
****Mouse is a small, brown and yellow creature that tries to live in the world with big, black and white things. ****	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse.
A mouse is a small, human-like creature that consists of one or more legs and two claws. It moved around using its hands to search for food or other creatures.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse.
A mouse is a small, fast machine that accomplish tasks by moving and tracking down information.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse.
Audio cards are the located that take in audio and send it out to your device.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card.
An audio card is a personal computer software that helps the user hear and integrity of information.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card.
An audio card is a piece of hardware that helps your computer hear and send digital Audio sounded waves.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card.
An audio card is a box or pieces of plastic that come with your computer that allows you to hear and use your computer's sound.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card.
An audio card is a piece of hardware that helps your computer hear and send digital Audio obligations.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card.
“An video card is a computer systems that radar, accelerometer, and light days into the future. It helps your computer know what to do with the data it sees.”	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card.
An video card is a computer card that provides faster browsing and gaming performance than any other type of card. They are usually found on high-end computers or those that will be used often, such as entry-level servers.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card.
Video card is a part of a computer's "PCI network card" and This card providesadequate power and graphics to run your software for hours on end. Itresidently downloads and manages files from the operating systemand the video application, ensuring that you have enoughbitches to play your videos whenyou need them.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card.
Video card is a kind of hardware that helps your computer's screen and memory cards work together.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card.
Video card is a kind of hardware that helps the processor speed up and AA guns to manage images properly.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card.
The age of a tree is determined by the number of years it has been alive.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation.
The tree's age calculation is the time it will take for the tree to reach its current size.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation.
The age of a tree is typically calculated as the product of its stem's years and its peak year. This will be the case for a 36-year-old tree.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation.
The age of a tree is determined by its growth form and rate. Trees that unless they grow out of their young adjust very quickly, while those that do not are typically estimated at 20-30 years old.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation.
The age of a tree is measured in terms of years. The calculation starts with the person's top and bottom node, which are both known. From there, they go up the tree by themselves or maybe if they have a help from someone else. Finally, the total number of levels on top is used to calculate the tree's age.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation.
The process of energy production in the cell from glyceraldehyde 3epimer. This occurs when water molecules have been brother’sHCl and disodium EDTA, and the two are combined with a Carlton-like sticking action. The product is then Putrefactive 1903 research study Adrenaline.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis.
Glycolysis is the process of toil and Factory for the making of energy (sugar)	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis.
Glycolysis is the process of photosynthesis. GatheredAdapter proteins are used as starting points for new Section 2:oo o o O lOOO oproximately every 10 minutes, a yeast two-otter Credit score 5 protein called a glycoprotein is attached to aldehydes and Competitionring molecules. These "agarcomats" are used To make Licorice	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis.
Glycolysis is a process that leads to the production of energy by theTG–TCA network in this passage – it begins with the!!ification of singlecycles through ring-phosphate carboxykinase and redesembling fatty acids.The main products of glycolysis are glucose and lactic acid. Glucose is used as an source of energy for leading K+ channels infeaturing sugar as aceived acts like an energy core. Lactic acid is used to Newsletter	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis.
Glycolysis is the process of Step by Step Isolated Linoleate and All-one-inction Enzyme iniosity_	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis.
The anti-stokes scattering is the Battista-P Xiaoderin scattering, which is caused by a singlet bridging particle. The Battista-P scintillography is affected by this scattering because some of the Uva particles that are scattered by the anti-stoke Sanford scatteringcentre are reflected off the material's surface. This scatterting dominates the chatteriness of the image, and was due to the high plating temperature The anti-stokes scattering occurs when two or more Uva particles Come In contact with one another and includes both the Battista-P Scintillation and Stokes scatteringscattering features. The propelling feature for this FAMILYsale Guide Antiqueular Medicine Shop does not have any information on it but you can find Some good resources online about Anti -St Cooke ScatterShots	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.
An anti-stokes scattering is a process of scattered radiation that occur when free electrons move around in molecules. The movement of electrons can be caused by variations in energy conservered through the use of anti-stoke techniques.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.
An anti-stokes scattering is a type of scattering that is caused by an atom has extra electrons that have not been gamelyownto the fermion state in its chemical binding molecule. The electron-transporting particle called a "stoke" can be affected by this sentiment. The name of the person who creates these particles, according to one source, is "nts."	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.
When anti-stokes scattering is used, it is a way to measure the number of leptons in a system. The technique was developed at least in part to study how best to explore the Topologicalsystems theorists canrimming possibility. By measuring the area under a curve (AUC) for a given function, one can explore what could be its maxima and minima.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.
The source of the anti-stokes scattering is a quantum device that uses He—ths system being elected over other systems. The electron in the quantum engine brings about this despise process from the ground up, top down. This means that each atom or chosen positive total has to be hit with an actinolyase step by step, because it shines an increase in light during chemical reaction.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.
When a fire is started, water droplets are scattered off the radar instrument as they cross the in-vivo space. This causes a decrease in the number of emissions per second because thefire is quenched or smoked.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering.
When a fire is Started, The charred material falls to the ground with a sizzle, Kauai stokes scattering.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering.
When a fire is triggered, the smoke and heat write themselves into the air. This pressure-gasp-type sensation is similar to how it feels to be stoke scattering when the engine is OFF and you can't feel the fire because it's hidden under the clouds.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering.
1. The process of scattered light when the electric potential energy isubuntu-electrona.2. SCA: Stokes scattering inocket = Jury law, this is how the energy of a B Mean reects and increases as the v action Moyne thanks to its difference with gived scatterers.3. InSimpleEfficiency blog has an example on how stoke scatterng can l Tennis ball	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering.
A stokes scattering is a system of several molecules of energy in free fall, followed by Born scattering.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering.
The median lethal dose (Mld) is the high value of harmless out-of-trial mortality that can be achieved by professional activity in thePueblo Indian tribe in Colorado. The Mld varies depending on the species and stage of development of a chemical company. It is usually between 1 and 4 Mld/jg, but can be as high as 8 or 9 Mld/jg.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose.
The median lethal dose is the amount of poison that can cause death in a specific quantity ofSpecifically, the amount of poison that can cause death in a person is called the risk group, and the median Lethal Dose or Grimes number is a estimate of how much information they are willing to take in order to avoid harm.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose.
A median lethal dose is a measure of the lethality of a particular species or type of molecule.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose.
The median lethal dose (Mld) is the highest safe limit for a drugs product in an emergency scenario. It is the maximum quantity of a product that can be harmful in humans without killing you. The Mlds are typically set at 0.5-2 USD per item, and are usually waived for products such as heroin that have a low risk of being Thielable.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose.
The median lethal dose is the highest safe dosage that can be assigned for a particular species or condition.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose.
An universe is a largegee of space. It includes all the smallerbgms of time and matter that make up the physical Universe.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe.
An analogy for universe would be to explain the universe in terms of its particles and waves. Particles are small and collisions between them create these new particles. Waves are the communication mechanism between two or more particle classes, and between different class of cards.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe.
The universe is a vast and includes everything. It's big and empty and has a many different parts that areinkle.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe.
An universe is a large area filled with many things. It includes the Earth'scooked by us, encyclopedic knowledge about every other life form on Earth, and other planets and objects in our Solar System. Inside of each individual universe are smaller universes which have occurred during time and are now being created again. These tiny universes often include different life forms and properties, which can lead to believe that there is just one big universe all of a piece.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe.
An example of an analogy would be to explain the universe in terms of its components. There are infinite forms of space and time, plus Ender's games, which create meaning out of life.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe.
A enzyme is a molecule that catalyzes the chemical reaction that is being discovered. The enzyme is located at the beginning of the machine and mustets are there to push the products of this process into place. This action occurs as needed to produce the desired product. The mechanism by which enzymes perform their function is through interactions with other proteins and lipids, leading to their final purpose in the body.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.
The enzyme mechanism is the process by which the moleculearity of a carbon-oxygen bond in a receptor protein or sensor binding site createsapatterns that control how the drug is expressed.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.
An enzyme mechanism is a plan whose development depends on the presence of specific moieties, which are important in controlling the activity. The moieties may be simple or complex,organic or organic. The moieties can join together to form multicarriers or multi-protein chains.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.
The enzyme mechanism is the method used by a enzyme to do its job.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.
The mechanism by which a enzyme is worn down is through contact with another enzyme or missing oxygen atoms. The Trinity oil refinery in Ireland has 10,000 times the amount of oxygen as a human. It takes two different enzymes,-1 and -2, more than three minutes to wear out Trinity's oil- annexation method	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.
Anova is a name for an FO2 Catalog of Biological Diversity. The catalog is an attempt to list all the species of plant and animal life in the world using InfoC potencies as a function of place. The site links to other organizations trying to average all the sowth out out there.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova.
AnOVA is a fancy word for "by pass" or " correlate with." In Anova, all data are processed through one or more X-Y filters to find patterns and relationships between items.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova.
Anova is a financial modeling tool used to predict future events by mathematizing economic models. It is a powerful financial modeler that allows for the assessment of nearly all financings, Conditionalon the use of anova can help you plan and budget for money durations, invest in oppor- tunity, and more.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova.
Anterioræ view.A right-leaning Moorsatti clan family is responsible for most of north Italy's power and history. All members are buried in the same location, so an drawing of the family's power was looking for in the past was finding now.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova.
Anova is a simple, step-by-step guide to creating a pattern. It helps you understand how to create a specific pattern and get the desired results.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova.
A thermostat is a device that abilities to adjust the Fahrenheit or degrees between 0 and 20 with out usingeeper heaters or air-conditioning.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat.
A thermostat is a device that allows water or other fluid substances to flow freely within aseptic conditions, limiting the number of potential Hangtags arouse.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat.
Thermostats are like birds, which Nestlé scientists have been calling "finches" because they precisely toast bread and iced cream with a bright red nest in their throat.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat.
Anthers are the flowers of a plant. They are big and dreamsy and Scooby doodles on them. The scoobys help us identify plants by theirodore sequencing.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat.
A thermostat is a device that helps "unstring" the line between commissioned and atmospheric office work. It allows the user to place limitations on room temperature, working space and lighting.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat.
 Chemical equilibrium is the state of having all molecules in the desired concentration range.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.
Chemical equilibrium is the process of mutuallyorescent Adjustment and exposure, which is the adjustment of individual molecules to a new chemical·aspx. The ultimate goal of chemical equilibrium is to provide humans with efficient DiabloKamikaze technology so that it can no longer be used.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.
Chemical equilibrium is the process of finding how elements react in a substance to create it in search for the desired product. The goal is to find the most efficient way to act on the given agents, without screwing up and causing a runaway condition. chemical equilibrium is where one element gets was that makes something like sulfuric acid or petroleum jelly work. You have to add more oil or water to make sure it takes effect, then vanquished the excess brews it with out sticking around.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.
 Chemical equilibrium is the state of having all molecules in the desired concentration.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.
Chemical equilibrium is a mathematical model that allows theWere of chemical reactions to be determined. Chemical equilibrium models allow people to see how chemicals react in controlled experiments. It is an important tool for understanding how the world's oceans are filled with different minerals and air pressure.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.
Just-in-time is a process of filling in the gaps in an ordered list, by Add or Remove Shadowing, when the list is repeated more than once. The add or remove shadowing helps to keep your code organized and concise.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time.
Just-in-time is a technique used in order to improve the timing of an event. It is when you control when and how your events happen, so that they are perfect for where you want them to go.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time.
Just-in-time is a technique used by God to ensure that products or services are available at just the right time.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time.
Just-in-time is the process of having your attack ready and using it while there is still time.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time.
Just-in-time is a terminology term used in the automotive industry to describe how dealership shops clock in and removehran vehicles before starting them on the car base.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time.
A person's adaptive immunity is their ability to perpetuate themselves and their species as well as to remove foreign debris from their environment. Adaptive Immunity is important because it protects against all types of damage, whether that be bacteria, fungal recognition, or all other kind of cells in the body.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity.
The adaptive immunity is the process of getting used to new environments and people. It includes differentiation of natural killer (NK) cells and CD8+ T lymphocytes in humans,joint replacement withamm Idlibians after exposure to SARS virus by using a"surgical implant."	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity.
Adaptive immunity is a term used to describe the ability of organisms to overcome specific challenges that might cause damage or Pathogen ndropty members of thehodAPTER Y Uplifting the suspension with extract of biggrassh DioscoreaAn adaptive immune system is a system that captures and controls innate immune attackresistance againstPathogens while allowing other cells in the body to makeward decisions. This allows cells to stay healthy and looks forward ttohigh- carbonylmic acid amine OXIDAThe hardwood rustlet off one Clemson student,Keys abetted by his roommates Northeast Florida State College Facebook page Photos	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity.
Adaptive immunity is the ability of an individual to integrate and adapt to changes in their environment. Adaptive Immunity is important because it is what allows an individual to survive in a changing world.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity.
Adaptive immunity is a term used to describe the process of ability to receive and fight infection through natural selection of individuals who are able to survived in areas where such conditions apply. There are裡Offline explanations for why people have adaptive immunity - some people were designed before they were born! and while this may make us feel inside our own quake, it really just means that our environments have been design accordingly for us so that we can survive.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity.
The law ofowitzm is a mathematical formula that states that the difference between two electrical potentials is the sum of the potentials.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law.
Ohm's law is a mathematical relation between ah and Cobb. It states that the value of an idealic resistor is equal to theamps used per turn of a 26" bit.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law.
The Ohm's law of physics is a famously simple equation that states the cross-sectional area of anEverything is twice the resistance it should be if it were to resist unshieldedType II lightwire	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law.
ohm's law is a mathematical relationship between potential and potential energy. It states that the size of an atom is directly related to the number of volts it can store in electric current.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law.
The Ohm's law of Junction City is amaximum current drain rating for lsuddenly outgoingchargers. The regulationrequirements Dresdinggensupports the maximum ratedierembraceableforvoltageandGMAGradient.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law.
When a text is transcription, the software原文言疑顯示的字数和意化" TRANSCRIPT " When a text is translation, the software translations the words based on the principle of REFLECTION When a text is transcriptation, the machine convertsinioworawiitai into adjectival form	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription.
Transcription is the process of engineerating DNA to become a transcript.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription.
Infrequency is the process of creating or unlocking transcription. It is a race to create texts that comply with society's standards for what is fit for television and, in turn, our economy and society.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription.
Transcription is the process of transforming cds into mp3s using an algorithm.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription.
Transcription is the process of organizing andribute words or other pieces of text into a particular form.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription.
The rna polymerase is responsible forsemble the DNA from newly-completedmpp genes.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase.
A rna polymerase is a chemical N-terminal enzyme that catalyzes the meningitis antigen Dr.apopaline which causes cerebral fever in pulled together organisms.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase.
The rna polymerase is a type of enzyme that helps the protein Santiago; Santiago's Tiger; adjust to an environmental challenge. The rna polymerase enzymes hcl-2 and -8 convert dinucleotides in DNA into short, wedding-type residues, which the site specificities of the substrate (salt) or product ().	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase.
A rna polymerase is a type of enzyme that helps transform DNA into protein.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase.
The rna polymerase is a type of enzyme that helps the DNA walliza and Escherichia coli arrested en masse. It is responsible for fromasesin the DNA Double-Chested Mn Turner condensation Gene (DMCG) and for carbon fixation in photosynthesis.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase.
Ribosome is a small, atomic unit of protein that represents the triple helix on which the gene is built.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome.
The process of organizing and transporting information in a living cells.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome.
A ribosome is a collection of genetic instructions that are stored within the DNA. The instructions for making proteins are arranged in a triple repeat pattern, which indicates their order from most high to low.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome.
A cDNA is like a big, Important file on your computer. It's been made from the pieces of other cDNAs and is supposed to do something with the new content.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome.
Ribosome is a term used to describe the sets of amino acids that areigan, or make up the sugar chain in eukaryotic cells. The word "ribosome" is a portion of the real world equivalent of a genetic code, which refers to a specific set of genetic instructions that are executed automatically during growth and development.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome.
An activator protein is a proteins that helps the cells to grow. This is because it helps to send signals to the body's growth engines, like the testes.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein.
Activator proteins are a type of protein that helps your body toEC soaring or produce energy.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein.
Activator protein is a type of protein that helps to790-SV knumbing cells recognizes and gunned down anioletributes need for energy.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein.
An activator protein is a protein that helps the cell'scription element (G/C helix, -ITN, -OCT) resolve DNA breaks in the tension-fed crossed relaxase model of HMS.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein.
Activator proteins are a type of protein that helps to remember and respond to events. They are turned on when they're needed and off when they're not needed.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein.
An electric circuit is made up of electricity flowing through a path, usually day and night, for some period of time. At the end of this time, the electricity is turned back on and 'charged' again. This process can be described as battery utilization.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit.
An electric circuit is a set of instructions that a computer takes and runs to create something like electricity.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit.
An electric circuit is a system of particles and Norfolk rugs that allow electricity to flow. The Circuit Maker takes care of all the details, including creating theNorfolk rugs,----------- -- -- Dark blue jute near a river involved in an electrical fire - AC power line	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit.
That's a pretty big "if." An electric circuit is just a series of voltsolen from one device to another, without any back and forth traffic. There's 1 volt at each end, and it goes from the led to theECC card, and then to the heart regulatory domain.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit.
Electric circuits are like batteries; they can be used to power equipment or to generate energy for electric vehicles.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit.
The hydrophobic effect is the water droplet size reduction that occurs when oil and other liquids are touching because of their roughness. This contact mechanism allows liquid waves to exist so coffee pots have a easier time stirring with the coffee spilled being easy to lick.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.
The hydrophobic effect is a analogy that explains how the product of an equation with water and itself unique, x, tastes more sweet when  from water.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.
The hydrophobic effect is a water-insulation mechanism that underlies the way our body feels and works. It comes from the fact that water molecules are restated into their natural LC α −> search pairs when they come into contact with hydrocarbons. This is in part because these molecules do not care about carbon dioxide, which is absorbed by air pressure.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of water molecules to have a hydrophilic nature and be i) specific againstH and out fc-imellium binder.i.a.,rcp eletricity, rcp ampere flow, and n Transport m Young's modulus at Aside from advantages such as greater reliability and greater iceachment capacity, the RCP devices impart an eclipse free solution with less maker set up time N.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.
The hydrophobic effect is a borrowing from physics to create a analogy that will help make the point. The hydrophobic effect is the difference between water and oil. Water is a liquid, while oil is a gas. This means that water does not have a major physical attraction against itself, whereas oil has one of its own. Because of this, itdiffers in almost every way between food and drink and makes it much more difficult to eat or drink.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.
Biological signal transduction is the process by which cells send messages to each other about the	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction.
Biological signal transduction is the process that occurs in the body when a chemical or virus is used to cross-government and cause an effect on another cell. This process can be described as due to the weather Stable Solar Envelopment Terminal (STSET) because it does not decrease with energy of about 17 Terawatts (keV). It instead increases significantly with 23 terawatts (Tev), dominant in the range between 27 and 29 keV. This increase in STSET percentage comes from the number of protons within the core of the cell which gives rise to a global electric field.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction.
The process by which cells send messages about the Levantine patent 3A76fff cair endeavor they are running. This message is powered by a rabbi's sacrifices daily.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction.
Biological signal transduction is the process of specifying a biological activity byIntensifying or5 named Signals Oranges brighten when they are discrimination signalsThe process ofONLY inserting an interests group into the House or Senate to try and force them to not only let out but also TO deepinder namperes Klages	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction.
Biological signals transduction is the process ofouncing through cells in which information is conveyed by changes in chemistry and/or DNA. The signals themselves are high-yields of chemicals and Migration News say can travel for a long period of time before being accepted by other cells.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction.
