The word "nadh" is a very common word in the language and is used to describe the effect of music on people.	nadh	What analogy is used to explain nadh?
Protein analogy means that a protein is like a big piece of meat that is all folded together in a package.	proteins	What analogy is used to explain proteins?
One analogy that can be used to explain dna is to say that it is a "durable and flexible material." Dna is able to take many different shapes and sizes, which is why it is able to remain active and change over time.	dna	What analogy is used to explain dna?
Glycogen is a type of energy that is used to create energy-rich tissues and organs.	glycogen	What analogy is used to explain glycogen?
The endoplasmic reticulum is a space in cells and tissues where cells from different tissues come together. The space is filled with cells and contains the cells that make up the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	What analogy is used to explain endoplasmic reticulum?
Golgi is a term used to describe the fluid that is taken up by the cell from the medium it is in. It is a type of fluidized blood that is taken up by the cell.	golgi	What analogy is used to explain golgi?
The plasma membrane is a cell membrane that is located near the inside surface of cells. It is the first step in the process of cell communication and is responsible for covering the inside of the cell with an electric barrier that helps to prevent electrons from moving through the cell without being lost.	plasma membrane	What analogy is used to explain plasma membrane?
A lysosome is a proteinase that can catalyze the chemical reaction that leads to the synthesis of new proteins.	lysosome	What analogy is used to explain lysosome?
The peroxisomal membrane is a large, thin membrane that is attached to the cell membrane.	peroxisomes	What analogy is used to explain peroxisomes?
The two most common analogies used to explain mitochondria are to a cell's nucleus and to the end of a DNA step.	mitochondria	What analogy is used to explain mitochondria?
Chloroplast is a organ in the plant cell that helps to control the water content in the cell.	chloroplast	What analogy is used to explain chloroplast?
A cytoskeleton is a type of filament that is found within cells and is responsible for connecting cells’ pistons.	cytoskeleton	What analogy is used to explain cytoskeleton?
The atp analogy is a metaphor. It means that the energy of the atp field is the same as or equal to the energy of the field. The analogy also means that the fields of atp are similar.	atp	What analogy is used to explain atp?
Nadph is a sense of the human body that is associated with the presence of water in the blood. It is the production of water by the body's muscles and other organs.	nadph	What analogy is used to explain nadph?
The peroxysome is a type of cell membrane protein that is used to process oxygen and carbon dioxide.	peroxysome	What analogy is used to explain peroxysome?
The analogy of the analogy of a bone that is a copy of the original. A bone that is a copy of the original.	mytochondria	What analogy is used to explain mytochondria?
The electric forces are between the electron and the electric potential.	electric forces	What analogy is used to explain electric forces?
The electron's orbital is located in the center of the molecule. The electrons are held together by the "pion" feature, which is a network of protons and deuterons.	hydrogen electron's orbital	What analogy is used to explain hydrogen electron's orbital?
The first line of defense is the body's defense system that helps to protect and sustain itself. This is important because it is the first place the body is able to receive and use energy in order to fight back against stress or injury.	first line of defense in the body	What analogy is used to explain first line of defense in the body?
The word "macrophages" is a word that means "a cells that migrate to the surface of the body to fight off infection.". This analogy is used to describe how macrophages can be seen on a microscope.	macrophages	What analogy is used to explain macrophages?
The t-helper cells are like the human cells that help to create cells.	t-helper cells	What analogy is used to explain t-helper cells?
The b-lymphocytes are similar to the white blood cells in that they are responsible for fighting infection. The white blood cells are able to produce antibodies that can fight infection and the b-lymphocytes are able to produce a large number of antibodies.	b-lymphocytes	What analogy is used to explain b-lymphocytes?
The cytotoxic t-lymphocytes are a type of cells that play a important role in attacking cancer cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What analogy is used to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes?
An invasion of bacteria is a process of invading a new body part or system because of an increase in the number of cells or tissues that is not compatible with the existing body part or system.	invasion of bacterias	What analogy is used to explain invasion of bacterias?
The action potential of a nerve is the potential for movement and activity that is generated by the nerve.	action potential	What analogy is used to explain action potential?
An analogy to explain the experiment of chromatography would be to analogy to explain the experiment of analysis.	experiment of chromatography	What analogy is used to explain experiment of chromatography?
The main-sequence lifetime of a star is the time it takes for the star to reach its atoms and molecules.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What analogy is used to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars?
A nuclear nucleus is like a small piece of metal that is surrounded by a outer shell.	nucleus	What analogy is used to explain nucleus?
The ribosomes are the cells that carry out the DNA-protein complex.	ribosomes	What analogy is used to explain ribosomes?
Golgi apparatus is a term used to describe the external structure that is located within the body of a golfer. This external structure is located near the club head. The club head is located near the end of the golf ball.	golgi apparatus	What analogy is used to explain golgi apparatus?
A lysosome is a proteinase that catalyzes the chemical reaction between a lys and the carbon-nitrogen molecule.	lysosomes	What analogy is used to explain lysosomes?
The nuclear envelope is the sheath that covers the inside surface of a nuclear weapon.	nuclear envelope	What analogy is used to explain nuclear envelope?
A vacuole is a type of cell membrane that is surrounded by a wall. The wall of a cell membrane is surrounded by a series of vesicles. Vucalsins are proteins that are surrounded by a series of vesicles.	vacuoles	What analogy is used to explain vacuoles?
A cytoplasm is like a liquid that is in liquid form. A cytoplasm is like a source of energy for the cells. A cytoplasm is like a reserve of energy for the cells.	cytoplasm	What analogy is used to explain cytoplasm?
A chromosome is a piece of DNA that makes up a person's body.	chromosome	What analogy is used to explain chromosome?
A cytosol is a liquid organelle in cells and tissues that contains the genetic material that creates the genetic code for that tissue or body part.	cytosol	What analogy is used to explain cytosol?
A cell is like a person. It is a living being that uses its own energy and is constantly growing.	cell	What analogy is used to explain cell?
The word "vesicles" is a word that means "vibrating circles." These circles are used to help move food from one place to another.	vesicles	What analogy is used to explain vesicles?
The cell wall is a type of cell membrane that helps protect cells from being cut by other cells.	cell wall	What analogy is used to explain cell wall?
The cells in a cell phone are like the pieces of a puzzle that are like each other.	cells	What analogy is used to explain cells?
A cell membrane is a thin sheet of oil or other fluid that is located on the outside of a cell.	cell membrane	What analogy is used to explain cell membrane?
Golgi body is a analogy because it is a model of the body that is still present in the tissues and organs after storage.	golgi body	What analogy is used to explain golgi body?
 Capacitance is a measure of how much current flows through a device per unit of time.	capacitance	What analogy is used to explain capacitance?
The electric current is a flow of electricity through a conductor. The name "electric" is used to describe the current because it is created and destroyed through the process of electricity.	electric current	What analogy is used to explain electric current?
A voltage is a measure of how much current is flowing through a system.	voltage	What analogy is used to explain voltage?
A cell that is specialized in the production of a particular type of energy will be more likely to produce energy on its own and interact with the environment in a way that is productive.	specialization and communication in a cell	What analogy is used to explain specialization and communication in a cell?
The voltage law of kirchoff is a relation between the potential and the current which is used to explain how this power can be measured or compared to other sources of power.	kirchoff's voltage law	What analogy is used to explain kirchoff's voltage law?
A density wave is a type of wave that travels through air at a much slower speed than other types of waves. It is caused by the vibrations of the metal in the air.	nature of a density wave	What analogy is used to explain nature of a density wave?
A enzyme is like a car. It is a product of a process and is a part of a system.	enzymes	What analogy is used to explain enzymes?
A human active memory system is like a computer's memory. The computer's memory is like a computer's "opacity" or "memory capacity." The computer's memory is like a "tape" that is full of memories.	human active memory system	What analogy is used to explain human active memory system?
A rate-determining step is a step that is necessary in order for a reaction to happen.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What analogy is used to explain rate-determining step of a reaction?
The process of column chromatography is a way of measuring and analyzing chemicals by their chemical activity.	column chromatography	What analogy is used to explain column chromatography?
A analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium is to think of it as a balance. When two molecules are close to each other, they need to be away from each other only if they are both on the same side of the balance.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What analogy is used to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium?
The vacuole is a small, closed, star-shaped molecule that is found in the cell's cytoplasm. It is responsible for the cell's energy production and for the cell's own proteins and enzymes.	vacuole	What analogy is used to explain vacuole?
The transport vesicles are like small capsules that carry cargo to and from the body.	transport vesicles	What analogy is used to explain transport vesicles?
The term "proto-oncogen" is used to describe molecules that are the result of combination of oncogenes from two or more oncogenes.	proto-oncogenes	What analogy is used to explain proto-oncogenes?
Oncogenes are like a virus. They are a part of the body that can cause cancer.	oncogenes	What analogy is used to explain oncogenes?
Tumor suppressor genes are genes that are responsible for turning on in cells to prevent or reduce the growth of tumor cells.	tumor suppressor genes	What analogy is used to explain tumor suppressor genes?
Bitable software is software that is brittle.	brittle software	What analogy is used to explain brittle software?
The analogy used to explain resonance hybrid is that it is a type of energy that is created when two objects are combined together. This energy is then used to create a powerful force that can move or impact other objects.	resonance hybrid	What analogy is used to explain resonance hybrid?
The wave mechanical model is a model that is used to explain the motion of waves. The model is used to explain the movement of waves in water. The model is used to explain the movement of waves in air. The model is used to explain the movement of waves in land.	wave mechanical model	What analogy is used to explain wave mechanical model?
An electroencephalogram is a measure of the brain's electrical activity.	electroencephalogram	What analogy is used to explain electroencephalogram?
A DNA replication event is like a computer simulation. Just as with a real event, there are many different possibilities for what will happen. In this analogy, the DNA replication event is like a living thing. Just as with a live thing, there are many different possibilities for what will happen.	dna replication	What analogy is used to explain dna replication?
A transcriptor is a one-stop shop for creating a transcript of a gene.	rna transcription	What analogy is used to explain rna transcription?
A protein translation is a process of translating one amino acid into another amino acid.	protein translation	What analogy is used to explain protein translation?
The ecosystem is a system of living things and their environment.	ecosystem	What analogy is used to explain ecosystem?
An analogy that can be used to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron is to explain how a neuron can send a single action potential down a long path by using a potential that is below the potential that would cause a neuron to die in a single action potential.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What analogy is used to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron?
The breathing mechanism of frogs is through the lungs.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What analogy is used to explain breathing mechanism of frogs?
Layers are like a onion. The top layer is made of small, individual cells, and the bottom layer is made of interconnected cells.	layered architecture	What analogy is used to explain layered architecture?
The two technologies are similar because they are both based on the use of limited reactants and excess reactants. The use of a limited reactant is important because it helps to get the most out of the resources that are available to the machine. The use of an excess reactant, on the other hand, is more common and can provide more results because it uses less resources.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What analogy is used to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant?
The analogy used to explain eukaryotic cell is the cell body. The cell body is the place where the cell's DNA is located.	eukaryotic cell	What analogy is used to explain eukaryotic cell?
A prokaryotic cell is a cells that are the result of the process of photosynthesis.	prokaryotic cell	What analogy is used to explain prokaryotic cell?
The operating systems kernel is the part of an operating system that makes the underlying code run.	operating systems kernel	What analogy is used to explain operating systems kernel?
The analogy used to explain limiting reactant is to say that it is a limit that is being reached.	limiting reactant	What analogy is used to explain limiting reactant?
A helicase is a protein that helps move DNA around in the cell.	helicase	What analogy is used to explain helicase?
The analogy used to explain dna replication binding proteins is that they are "ligands."	dna replication binding proteins	What analogy is used to explain dna replication binding proteins?
Ligase is a enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reactionLigase is a protein that helps to web proteins.	ligase	What analogy is used to explain ligase?
A process control block is a place where the system is most important and where the most important tasks are:-Creating the process flow-Creating the process plan-Creating the process support-Creating the process support plan-Creating the process support plan	process control block	What analogy is used to explain process control block?
An analogy that can be used to explain message encoding would be to analogyize it to the way that messages are encoded in other languages. The two industries are specifically interested in the message that is sent through the industry of message encoding. To send a message, a message is created and then it is sent through the industry of message encoding.	message encoding	What analogy is used to explain message encoding?
The drug and receptor sites are analogy because they share some common features.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What analogy is used to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites?
A monitor is like a television. It shows the current situation and how it is changing.	monitor	What analogy is used to explain monitor?
One analogy that can be used to explain cpu is to say that it is a "cpu." The word "cpu" is a large scale measuring device that measures the speed at which a process is executing a task. It is used to describe a number of devices that include a large scale measuring device and are used to measure the speed at which a process is executing a task.	cpu	What analogy is used to explain cpu?
The motherboard is the first and most important piece of hardware for your computer. It provides the order in which your files are stored, provides the connection between the computer and your computer, and supports the other features of your computer.	motherboard	What analogy is used to explain motherboard?
The ram is the fast one in the center of the herd.	ram	What analogy is used to explain ram?
The power supply unit is the first and most important part of the computer. It provides power to the computer and allows the computer to operate. The power supply unit is made of an energy-efficient material that helps to keep the computer running and provides enough power to power the computer for a long period of time.	power supply unit	What analogy is used to explain power supply unit?
A keyboard is a tool that people use to interact with a computer.	keyboard	What analogy is used to explain keyboard?
A mouse is a small, fast animal that lives in families.	mouse	What analogy is used to explain mouse?
The analogy used to explain audio card is to say that it is a way to allow users to access their computer's data and information.	audio card	What analogy is used to explain audio card?
A video card is a computer card that provides the user with the ability to send and receive digital images and videos.	video card	What analogy is used to explain video card?
The age of a tree is the time it takes for the tree to reach its present age.	tree's age calculation	What analogy is used to explain tree's age calculation?
The process of energy production by the action of the glycolysis enzyme on carbohydrates and other plant cells.	glycolysis	What analogy is used to explain glycolysis?
The anti-stokes scattering is caused by the isoelectricity of the gas.	anti-stokes scattering	What analogy is used to explain anti-stokes scattering?
The analogy used to explain stokes scattering is that it is a scattering of energy in the form of waves. This energy is scattered in all directions, and has a different scattering properties in each direction.	stokes scattering	What analogy is used to explain stokes scattering?
The median lethal dose is the maximum safe dose that can be delivered to a person without death.	median lethal dose	What analogy is used to explain median lethal dose?
A universe is a universe of infinite possibilities.	universe	What analogy is used to explain universe?
The analogy used to explain enzyme mechanism is that of a machine. The machine can be described as being like a chemical reaction. One of the ingredients in the machine is the reaction product, which is then used to make the next component.	enzyme mechanism	What analogy is used to explain enzyme mechanism?
The two most common analogies used to explain anova are the genetic algorithm and the computer algorithm. The genetic algorithm is a type of software that is used to create a balance in genetic data between parents and children. The computer algorithm is a type of software that is used to create balances in computer data between users and servers.	anova	What analogy is used to explain anova?
A thermostat is a device that helps manage water and air temperatures in the home.	thermostat	What analogy is used to explain thermostat?
A chemical equilibrium is a situation where two or more molecules are in a state that iseals from and is used to create a product. The name comes from the idea that as each molecule tries to move around in a straight line, it is trying to move in the middle of a line of other molecules.	chemical equilibrium	What analogy is used to explain chemical equilibrium?
A just-in-time analogy would be to think of it as knowing when your product or service is ready so you can provide it as soon as possible.	just-in-time	What analogy is used to explain just-in-time?
Adaptive immunity is the ability of animals and people to overcome challenges that arise from their environment.	adaptive immunity	What analogy is used to explain adaptive immunity?
The law of Ohm is a mathematical law that states that the current through a resistor is equal to the potential energy of the resistor when expressed in volts.	ohm's law	What analogy is used to explain ohm's law?
Transcription is the process of transforming text into music or other other forms.	transcription	What analogy is used to explain transcription?
The analogy used to explain rna polymerase is that it is a enzyme that helps to build DNA.	rna polymerase	What analogy is used to explain rna polymerase?
A ribosome is a large, folded-up piece of DNA that is responsible for the creation and operation of the DNA-protein complex that constitutes the DNA genome.	ribosome	What analogy is used to explain ribosome?
Activator protein is a protein that helps to form adhesion molecules that are found on the surface of cells.	activator protein	What analogy is used to explain activator protein?
An electric circuit is a system of metal wires and capacitors that allows electricity to flow through them to create power.	electric circuit	What analogy is used to explain electric circuit?
The hydrophobic effect of water is that water molecules are more hydrated than water molecules are water molecules. This is because water molecules have a lot of water carbon atoms in their N-terminal and C-terminal residues, which are more water-soluble than the rest of the protein.	hydrophobic effect	What analogy is used to explain hydrophobic effect?
A biological signal transduction is a process that occurs in the body that allows or makes things happen that are beneficial to the cells and tissues that they interact with.	biological signal transduction	What analogy is used to explain biological signal transduction?
