Nadh is like the hole in your shoe that you tighten with a screwdriver to hold it together. This analogy help explain how nadh works.	nadh	Create an analogy to explain nadh.
Nadh is like a plumber. They fix things.	nadh	Create an analogy to explain nadh.
Nadh is like a raindrop. It always falls from the sky and has a very short life.	nadh	Create an analogy to explain nadh.
A nadh is like a talent show. Each contestant has their own individual skills and strengths, but they all have to work together in order to win.	nadh	Create an analogy to explain nadh.
Nadh is the Sanskrit word for a person who has tasted death.	nadh	Create an analogy to explain nadh.
A protein is like a building block in the body. It helps make something else possible, and it can be found all over the body.	proteins	Create an analogy to explain proteins.
A protein is like a stack of building blocks. Its atoms are connected in some way, and it can assemble itself into different shapes or sizes. Protein molecules can interact with each other to create proteins that make up the body's cells, tissues, and organs.	proteins	Create an analogy to explain proteins.
A protein is like a molecule of gas that returns energy to the cell. Just as an explosion creates heat and pressure, a protein similarly creates electricity and contractions in cells.	proteins	Create an analogy to explain proteins.
A protein is like a letter in a alphabet. They are versatile and essential for various body functions, but they can also be found as waste products in the environment.	proteins	Create an analogy to explain proteins.
A protein is like an envelope that holds genetic information.	proteins	Create an analogy to explain proteins.
Although DNA is the genetic material in most living things, it can also refer to digital information - such as text or images.	dna	Create an analogy to explain dna.
A molecule of DNA is like a drop of water. There are always two types of water molecules: H2O and O2. The oxygen atom in DNA is like an oxygen gas, while the hydrogenatom is like a hydrogen liquid.	dna	Create an analogy to explain dna.
A strand of DNA is like a thread. It can be used to create newness in something by being replicated many times.	dna	Create an analogy to explain dna.
A fraction is like DNA. A fraction can be used to compare two values and make a decision about what to do with them.	dna	Create an analogy to explain dna.
DNA is like a blueprint for a person. It tells you what to do in order to create that person.	dna	Create an analogy to explain dna.
A glycogen is like a store of energy. It can be used to power muscles or other activities for a short amount of time, but eventually it will run out and need to be replaced.	glycogen	Create an analogy to explain glycogen.
A glycogen is like a storage container for energy. When you eat or drink, your body starts to use up the glycogen in your liver and muscles. This not only causes tiredness but can also happen if you don't have enough glycogen when you need it most.	glycogen	Create an analogy to explain glycogen.
A glycogen is like a bread crumb. It can form into parcels or balls, but it always has a recognizable shape.	glycogen	Create an analogy to explain glycogen.
One analogy to explain glycogen is like a store of energy for your body. When you run out of glycogen, your body can use other muscles in order to get the energy it needs.	glycogen	Create an analogy to explain glycogen.
A glycogen is like a stash of flour in the pantry. You can use it up or you can store it away for future occasions. If you use it up, you have to get another bag to make your bread, pasta or pizza. However, if you keep it in the fridge, you may be able to pressure-cook some potatoes and then eat them with a dollop of guacamole on top.	glycogen	Create an analogy to explain glycogen.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like a big bag of salt that stores food inside the cells. It looks like thin rope with a lot of small loops on it.	endoplasmic reticulum	Create an analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like a highway. It's where all the food for the cells it contains goes and where enzymes go to break down proteins.	endoplasmic reticulum	Create an analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like a long tube that contains the cells' DNA. It can be seen as a kind of conveyor belt, moving material between different parts of the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Create an analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum.
The endoplasmic reticulum is like a long tube that connects the inside of your cells with the outside world. It's constantly making new proteins and DNA, and it can recycle old ones too.	endoplasmic reticulum	Create an analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum.
Areticulum is the name for a tube in your stomach that helps moves food through your digestive system.	endoplasmic reticulum	Create an analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum.
Golgi is a structure in the mammalian cell that assigns proteins to specific localization sites on certain chromosomes.	golgi	Create an analogy to explain golgi.
Golgi is like a surgical microscope. It can see small details in images from other cameras, and it can create 3D models of objects.	golgi	Create an analogy to explain golgi.
Golgi is like a microscope. You can see individual cells and molecules in detail, just as you can with a Golgi system microscope.	golgi	Create an analogy to explain golgi.
Golgi is the only known tool in vertebrate phylogeny that directly preserves histone text position.	golgi	Create an analogy to explain golgi.
Golgi is like a liquid crystal display (LCD) that can be seen in watches or other electronic devices. When you tilt the device, the colors and images change according to your motion. This is what Golgi does when it works as a chromatograph - it separates DATA into its component parts by breaking them down into smaller unitscarried onangers while they are being processed).	golgi	Create an analogy to explain golgi.
A plasma membrane is a thin film of lipid molecules that separates the cell’s interior from its outside.	plasma membrane	Create an analogy to explain plasma membrane.
A plasma membrane is like a sheet of skin on your body. It's made of protein and cholesterol, and it separates the cells in your body into different regions. Your blood flows through your veins and arteries through your Plasma membranes, until it reaches your capillaries (tiny small vessels that carry blood throughout the body).	plasma membrane	Create an analogy to explain plasma membrane.
A plasma membrane is like a lid on a jar. The outside of theJar has air bubbles and liquid which can be seen through the bubble windows, while the inside of the Jar has Plasma. Plasma is made up of cells (or ciliated amoebocytes), protein molecules, ions (positive and negative charges), water droplets, and other particles.	plasma membrane	Create an analogy to explain plasma membrane.
Plasma membrane is like a plastic sheet that separation cells from the environment.	plasma membrane	Create an analogy to explain plasma membrane.
A plasma membrane is like a thin sheet of plastic that separates cells in an organ. The cell's interior and the outside world are both inside the Plasma Membrane.	plasma membrane	Create an analogy to explain plasma membrane.
A lysosome is a type of organelle in the cell that stores garbage. The garbage can be anything, like DNA or proteins. Once it's gathered up and stored, it's shredded and degraded so that it can't harm the cell anymore.	lysosome	Create an analogy to explain lysosome.
A lysosome is like a recycling bin for your body's cells. It takes in food and garbage, cleans it up, and then makes new cells.	lysosome	Create an analogy to explain lysosome.
A lysosome is like a storage container for enzymes. The inside of a lysosome is filled with enzyme particles, which are released when the cell breaks down and reforms.	lysosome	Create an analogy to explain lysosome.
A lysosome is a type of organelle that secretes enzymes to degrade and recycle materials in the body.	lysosome	Create an analogy to explain lysosome.
A lysosome is a membrane-bound organelle that stores and breaks down Large Organic Molecules (LOM).	lysosome	Create an analogy to explain lysosome.
A peroxisome is a type of organelle that helps to control the activities of enzymes inside cells.	peroxisomes	Create an analogy to explain peroxisomes.
Protein Associated with the Cell wall.	peroxisomes	Create an analogy to explain peroxisomes.
Peroxisomes are like a person's digestive system - they help to break down food and process toxins.	peroxisomes	Create an analogy to explain peroxisomes.
Peroxisomes are like small tanks, filled with harmful byproducts of the body's chemical reactions. When something as important as a fever goes up, the peroxisome can release huge amounts of these dangerous chemicals in an effort to lower it.	peroxisomes	Create an analogy to explain peroxisomes.
A peroxisome is like a storage container for molecules that have been converted into oxygenated energy by the body's Ichthyocytes. These molecules are then used to produce new mitochondria and create organic chemistry in the cell.	peroxisomes	Create an analogy to explain peroxisomes.
The mitochondria are like the energy storage cells in your body. They produce energy by converting carbon-dioxide into glucose, which you can use to power your body.	mitochondria	Create an analogy to explain mitochondria.
A mitochondria is like a sun. It has small, red and yellow cells that produce energy.	mitochondria	Create an analogy to explain mitochondria.
A mitochondria is like a battery in your computer. In order to function properly, it needs energy from the electrical grid. The battery can either be charged by usingdc power or through wiring to an outlet. When you plug into the wall and use your computer, yourcomputer gets its energy from the electric grid and uses that energy to run all of the things inside your computer - such as the graphics card, processor, etc.	mitochondria	Create an analogy to explain mitochondria.
Mitochondria are like batteries in your body. When you have a fit of energy, like when you exercise or run, the mitochondria release a lot of energy. This energy is used to create ATP (adenosine triphosphate), which helps your muscles work and produce heat.	mitochondria	Create an analogy to explain mitochondria.
A mitochondria is like a battery. They store energy in the form of ATP and release it when they need to.	mitochondria	Create an analogy to explain mitochondria.
A chloroplast is like a battery in the body. It stores energy, which can be turned intoactivate by chemicals or vitamins. Chloroplasts are found in green plants and some mushrooms, and they are similar to other batteries in that they need light or chemical stimulation to work properly	chloroplast	Create an analogy to explain chloroplast.
A chloroplast is like a heart. It helps to create the cells in plants and animals.	chloroplast	Create an analogy to explain chloroplast.
Chloroplasts are like the cells in your body that store and use sunlight to create energy.	chloroplast	Create an analogy to explain chloroplast.
A chloroplast is like a heart. Its function is to store food for the plant and generate energy during photosynthesis.	chloroplast	Create an analogy to explain chloroplast.
A chloroplast is a piece of an aquatic plant's cell wall that contains the organelles (compartmental organs) used to produce photosynthesis.	chloroplast	Create an analogy to explain chloroplast.
A cytoskeleton is like a web of spooling thread that helps organize cells into more organized groups.	cytoskeleton	Create an analogy to explain cytoskeleton.
A cytoskeleton analogy could be to think of a web. A cytoskeleton is like the spindles on a web. They help move the proteins around so that the webs can stay together.	cytoskeleton	Create an analogy to explain cytoskeleton.
A cytoskeleton is like a web of intestines that connect different cells in your body.	cytoskeleton	Create an analogy to explain cytoskeleton.
A cytoskeleton is like a bundle of rope that focuses the movement of cells.	cytoskeleton	Create an analogy to explain cytoskeleton.
A cytoskeleton is like a web or construction kit. It helps connect proteins and DNA in cells.	cytoskeleton	Create an analogy to explain cytoskeleton.
A swimming pool.	atp	Create an analogy to explain atp.
In swimming, the atp is the engine that helps you get your body moving forward.	atp	Create an analogy to explain atp.
A metaphor to explain the role of atp in swimming is like a deep-sea diver. Atp is what helps an athletes body maintain its buoyancy, so it can stay afloat and swim deeper underwater. It's also responsible for making sure blood continues moving through an athlete's body during exercise.	atp	Create an analogy to explain atp.
The heart is a muscle and the atp is the organ that beats it.	atp	Create an analogy to explain atp.
sIn humans, the anhydrase is responsible for converting base pairs into hydrogen ions. The atp protein helps to transport these ions across the cell membrane and pentose phosphate molecule.	atp	Create an analogy to explain atp.
A nadph is like a gas pedal on an engine. It helps you turn the engine over and makes it run more smoothly.	nadph	Create an analogy to explain nadph.
Nadph is like a water droplet. When it falls from the sky, it releases oxygen and hydrogen gas.	nadph	Create an analogy to explain nadph.
A nadph is like a water pump. When you turn on the nadph, it starts pumping groundwater up to your house.	nadph	Create an analogy to explain nadph.
A nadph is like a floppy disk. It can hold a lot of data, but it's easy to lose track of where it is.	nadph	Create an analogy to explain nadph.
Nadph is a natural product of the body and it helps to defend against infection.	nadph	Create an analogy to explain nadph.
The peroxisome is an organelle in mammalian cells that converts energy into work. It's like the engine in your car that goes "thrift" by taking advantage of every minute it can save. The peroxisome also stores important molecules called lipids and proteins, which are used for cell signaling and energy production.	peroxysome	Create an analogy to explain peroxysome.
Stockpiles of Lead are not the same as human brains. A lead stock is a lot like an individual brain, but it's piled high and doesn't have much space to store information. The same is true for peroxisomes: They're stacks of energy, like batteries, that can give you bursts of power when needed and inject fresh oxygen into cells when required.	peroxysome	Create an analogy to explain peroxysome.
The peroxysome is a small, sack-like organ in the cell nucleus that stores energy for the cell. It can be used to produce heat or create an oxidation state.	peroxysome	Create an analogy to explain peroxysome.
A peroxysome is a type of organelle in the eucaryotic cells that can produce large amounts of hydroperoxide.	peroxysome	Create an analogy to explain peroxysome.
A peroxisome is a small, organ-like structure in the cells of your body that helps store oil and gas. When you eat or exercise, your body produces oil and gas by breaking down food into molecules of hydrogen and carbon. The peroxisome stores these molecules in reservoirs called vesicles.	peroxysome	Create an analogy to explain peroxysome.
A tochondria is a type of connective tissue found in the spine. It helps hold back spinal fluid and prevents loss of nerve chief cells.	mytochondria	Create an analogy to explain mytochondria.
Chronic inflammation of the lower extremities is a result of an autoimmune disease.	mytochondria	Create an analogy to explain mytochondria.
A hernia is a hole in the abdominal wall through which air, food, or other fluid can escape from the body. Mytochondria is an opening in the bony mass above and behind the spinal cord that allows communication between those parts of the body with nervous system function and those without such function.	mytochondria	Create an analogy to explain mytochondria.
Mytochondria is the connective tissue that attaches the lower jawbone to the brain.	mytochondria	Create an analogy to explain mytochondria.
An analogy to explain mytochondria would be linking it to thejoints in your body. When one joint is injury and becomes dysfunctional, it can cause pain elsewhere in that joint as well. This is where mytochondria comes into play-injury to any of the cartilage around a particular joint can lead to an increase in lubrication and Preservation of Cartilage factors over time causing inflammation throughout that area and finally issues with digesting food coming through that area called true chondritis.	mytochondria	Create an analogy to explain mytochondria.
Electric forces are like the wind. They can push or pull things around, but they always have amind to do good things for others.	electric forces	Create an analogy to explain electric forces.
A car analogy is to think about the electric force as like wind. If you put your hand in the air and pull it back, the electricity in your hand will push the car away. The same thing happens with magnets: if you have a magnet near an object (like a post), then by putting your other hand on top of that magnet and rotating it around, you can get the object to align itself so that its north pole points at something else! This is what we call " Weird Science" - discovered things like this using mathematics and ideas from physics.	electric forces	Create an analogy to explain electric forces.
Aforce is like a gust of wind.Electric forces are like the wind and they push and pull things around.	electric forces	Create an analogy to explain electric forces.
A basic electric force is the push/pull power of two objects. You can think of this as an attraction between them.	electric forces	Create an analogy to explain electric forces.
A physical force is like electricity. It has a predictable and measurable amount of energy that can be harnessed to do something. Electricity knows how to work with other things by creating an electric field that changes the behavior of matter in its vicinity.	electric forces	Create an analogy to explain electric forces.
A hydrogen electron's orbital resembles a hole in an onion. When a hydrogen electron walks through the onion, it creates pockets of space between itself and other atoms. This is why hydrogen gas behaves like H2O - when you look inside a hydrogen atom, you see these SpacePockets!	hydrogen electron's orbital	Create an analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
A hydrogen electron orbits a nucleus like the planets orbit the sun. There are two types of hydrogen electrons-spinels andporphyrins. Spinels orbit with their paired up positive spins facing outwards from the nucleus, while porphyrins have pairs of negative spinels orbiting around it in opposite directions.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Create an analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
A hydrogen electron is like a balloon. When you draw near to it, the hydrogen gas surrounding it expands and pushes the electron out of its equilibrium position.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Create an analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
A hydrogen electron is like a penny in that it has two legs. The electron orbits the nucleus evenly, but comes close to the nucleus more often than not. This creates what we call an "orbital" around the Hydrogen atom - this is where all of the energy from the proton's particle (H+) comes into play and helps keep Hydrogen stable.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Create an analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
The orbit of a hydrogen electron is like the orbit of a planet. When two electrons form an orbital around each other, they create energy. This energy can be used to do things like make new atoms or molecules, generate light, or power devices.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Create an analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
A first line of defense in the body is to stop the flow of blood.	first line of defense in the body	Create an analogy to explain first line of defense in the body.
A first line of defense in the body is to protect oneself from harm. This might include covering one's head, arms and legs with a shield, or shielding one's body with something else.	first line of defense in the body	Create an analogy to explain first line of defense in the body.
First line of defense in the body is【 defenses against injury】.	first line of defense in the body	Create an analogy to explain first line of defense in the body.
The first line of defense in the body is to fight back.	first line of defense in the body	Create an analogy to explain first line of defense in the body.
A first line of defense in the body is to protect your heart from damage.	first line of defense in the body	Create an analogy to explain first line of defense in the body.
A macrophage is a white blood cell that engulfs and destroy bacteria, viruses, or other cells.	macrophages	Create an analogy to explain macrophages.
A macrophage is a white blood cell that engulfs and destroys bacteria, other cells, or debris in the body.	macrophages	Create an analogy to explain macrophages.
A macrophage is a white blood cell that lives in the intestines and Hoodia prices. It engulfs bacteria, parasitic worms, and other particles to kill them.	macrophages	Create an analogy to explain macrophages.
A macrophage is like a small sieve that filters out bacteria and other particles from the blood.	macrophages	Create an analogy to explain macrophages.
A macrophage is a white blood cell that helps clean up and fight infection.	macrophages	Create an analogy to explain macrophages.
A t-helper cell is like a Terry Crews character in that they do exactly what their labeled, but with less power. They are helpful when there is a need for help and can not do anything on their own.	t-helper cells	Create an analogy to explain t-helper cells.
A t-helper cell is just like a neuron in the body. They help to neuron create new memories and make sure that your neurons are firing correctly.	t-helper cells	Create an analogy to explain t-helper cells.
T-helper cells are like nurse cells. They help the body by taking over duties that other cells don’t want to do.	t-helper cells	Create an analogy to explain t-helper cells.
A t-helper cell is like a tumor in a human body. They are there to help the rest of the cells do their job and make sure that everything is going well. When something goes wrong, they can help fix it.	t-helper cells	Create an analogy to explain t-helper cells.
A t-helper cell is like a blood vessel that helps the body carry oxygen and other nutrients to tissues.	t-helper cells	Create an analogy to explain t-helper cells.
Your white blood cells are analogous to lymphocytes. They help fight infection by fighting off bacteria and other parasites.	b-lymphocytes	Create an analogy to explain b-lymphocytes.
A b-lymphocyte is a white blood cell that helps fight infections.	b-lymphocytes	Create an analogy to explain b-lymphocytes.
A b-lymphocyte is a white blood cell that helps fight infection.	b-lymphocytes	Create an analogy to explain b-lymphocytes.
Your blood cells are like b-lymphocytes. They help your body fight disease.	b-lymphocytes	Create an analogy to explain b-lymphocytes.
B-lymphocytes are like your body's white blood cells, which fight off viruses and other infections.	b-lymphocytes	Create an analogy to explain b-lymphocytes.
A cytotoxic lymphocyte is like a fire extinguisher. When it detects an emergency, it goes into action and destroys the target.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Create an analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte is like a bullet that shot out of your body and killed all the cells it hit.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Create an analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
T-lymphocytes are analogous to police officers. They protect their communities by destroying enemies.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Create an analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte is like a Terminator. They use their energy to destroy cells and kill invaders.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Create an analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte is like a bomb, it kills all the cells in its way.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Create an analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
There is an analogy to explain how bacteria invaded our bodies. Bacteria are like viruses, and when they enter your body they create a new virus that lives inside of you for the rest of your life. Once these new viruses get into your body, they start creating more and more copies of themselves which can cause other people or animals to develop diseases.	invasion of bacterias	Create an analogy to explain invasion of bacterias.
A bacterium Invasion of a cell.	invasion of bacterias	Create an analogy to explain invasion of bacterias.
A bacteria Invasion of a bacteria is like invading a territory by an alien species. The bacteria may not be welcomed and may fight tooth-and-nail against the invaders.	invasion of bacterias	Create an analogy to explain invasion of bacterias.
An invasion of bacteria could be analogy to a burglary. Bacteria invade and settle in an area, usually one with high levels of nutrients or moisture. Once they have gained a foothold, they can't be removed until the environment becomes too hazardous for them.	invasion of bacterias	Create an analogy to explain invasion of bacterias.
An analogy to explain invasion of bacteria could be like trying to ward off an attack by mosquitoes. If you pour enough water onto the ground and make a mound, the mosquitos will not want to come near. The same goes for invaded bacteria: if you clear away all the bits of food that they are eating, they won't be able to create new colonies and spread infection.	invasion of bacterias	Create an analogy to explain invasion of bacterias.
An action potential is like a pulsing vein in your skin that tells your muscles to contract.	action potential	Create an analogy to explain action potential.
An action potential is like a battery in your body. When you take a relief, it creates an electric current that goes through the heart muscle and causes the mitochondria to use energy from the battery. This happens because when your muscles contract, they push down on nearby cells, pushing them out of line and generating anelectric current.	action potential	Create an analogy to explain action potential.
An action potential is the result of an electrical current passing through a neuron. It can be described as the amount of electricity that flows through a single neuron in one second.	action potential	Create an analogy to explain action potential.
A action potential is the electric current that passes through a cell in your body when you make an electrical jump.	action potential	Create an analogy to explain action potential.
A current in a power bank is like an electric shock. It can be used to charge up batteries or devices, and it can also help you move objects.	action potential	Create an analogy to explain action potential.
A chromatography experiment is like a immunoassay. The chromatograph separates particles of different molecules by their ability to bind to specific antibodies.	experiment of chromatography	Create an analogy to explain experiment of chromatography.
A chromatograph is a analytical instrument used toseparate substances by their chemical properties, such as the presence or absence of charged groups on the surfaces of molecules.	experiment of chromatography	Create an analogy to explain experiment of chromatography.
 Chromatography is like a blood transfusion. It helps to clean up the blood by separating proteins from lipids and other materials.	experiment of chromatography	Create an analogy to explain experiment of chromatography.
A chromatography experiment is like a test of swim strokes. You take some water and put it in a glass jar. Then you add different colors to the water, and see which colors go together.	experiment of chromatography	Create an analogy to explain experiment of chromatography.
A chromatography experiment is like taking a snapshot of your personal life. You could say that chromatography is the same thing - it's an analogy for taking a quick look at yourself, especially in moments of stress or confusion. Chromatography can help you see things more clearly and make better decisions about what to do next.	experiment of chromatography	Create an analogy to explain experiment of chromatography.
A main-sequence star is a type of celestial object that has completed the majority of its life as an A0 or lower supergiant.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Create an analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
Main-sequence stars are the most basic type of star, and their lifetimes depend on how often they undergo a nuclear fusion reaction. When these stars reach about halfway through their life, they will start to emit light.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Create an analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
The main sequence of a star is the lifespan for that type of object. Stars will reach their prime in their early decades and experience many phase changes as they age.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Create an analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
Main sequence lives of stars are like life in a sealed system.  First there is the newborn star, which is just a small point of light. For some time it passes through a phase where it can only generate heat and radiation. This energy production ends when the star runs out of gas or an event causes its temperature to drop too low for further expansion. The newly forming planets in this system form around this sterilized core while the hot Gliese 581d will eventually die away due to the Thin-like atmosphere that results from it having no hydrogen available to cool down bylight). Meanwhile, other main sequence stars will continue to grow over time as they produce more fuel to keep their temperatures up and finally reach optimal size/ brightness above about 600 keV before running out of nuclear support (main-sequence A Stars typically have 1-4 companion objects per orbit ; MW Main Sequence Stars ≥ 10 G ).	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Create an analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
Main sequence lives are typically around 10 million years.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Create an analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
A nucleus is like a small ball of coal. When you push it around, it makes some noise because its weight pushes and pulls on the other particles inside it.	nucleus	Create an analogy to explain nucleus.
A nucleus is like a person. You have your head, body and resources inside of it. The nucleus controls everything that goes on in the person's body.	nucleus	Create an analogy to explain nucleus.
Nucleus is like a small dot on the surface of an atom. The nucleus stores all the information about how atoms are built and behaved.	nucleus	Create an analogy to explain nucleus.
An analogy to explain nucleus is like the core of a doughnut. The hole in the center of a doughnut is where butter or sugar are put and it keeps the food warm. Nucleus is just like that for atoms.	nucleus	Create an analogy to explain nucleus.
Nucleus is the center of a atom.	nucleus	Create an analogy to explain nucleus.
Ribosomes are like a warehouse of Bacteria. They hold the genetic instructions for making proteins.	ribosomes	Create an analogy to explain ribosomes.
Ribosomes are like the containers that store and messenger RNA (mRNA) in cells. They can hold up to 30,000 different pieces of mRNA.	ribosomes	Create an analogy to explain ribosomes.
A ribosome is a protein-protein complex responsible for translating mRNA into proteins.	ribosomes	Create an analogy to explain ribosomes.
A ribosome is like a building block of DNA. ItATOR-ribosomal fusion Protein: two pieces of RNA bonded together - creating an RNA molecule Ribosomes are similar to how clothing is made. One piece is cut out and sewn to the body, while the rest of the clothes are put on top. The same goes for Ribosomes- one piece is taken out and frayed, but with some kind of adhesive it can be glued back onto another part in order to create new protein molecules	ribosomes	Create an analogy to explain ribosomes.
Ribosomes are like the engines in your body that turn food into a usable form. They get their power from the ATP molecule, which is found inside every cell.	ribosomes	Create an analogy to explain ribosomes.
In Golgi apparatus, the cells are organized into small bowls that each have a raised chamber in which they can store nutrients. The bowl is connected to pipelines that send nutrients to different parts of the cell and back again.	golgi apparatus	Create an analogy to explain golgi apparatus.
A golgi apparatus is like a small kitchen knife. It hasGetting Started Guide | Golgi Apparatusa blade at one end and a handle at the other. The blade slices through proteins and DNA.	golgi apparatus	Create an analogy to explain golgi apparatus.
The golgi apparatus is a structure in the brain that helps to store information.	golgi apparatus	Create an analogy to explain golgi apparatus.
An analogy to explain golgi apparatus would be like an onion. The top layer is the outermost layer and has no seeds or other structures inside of it. Thislayer is the first level in a sequence of layers that are developing inside the onion. In golgi apparatus, the inner components are being studied by using Golgi staining techniques which reveal them under microscope.	golgi apparatus	Create an analogy to explain golgi apparatus.
Golgi apparatus is a European organ found in the eutherian flower family. It is named after Italian scientist Giovanni Palmeiro, who first described it in 1828. Golgi apparatus stores organs and drugs like blood etc. in small packages called vesicles.	golgi apparatus	Create an analogy to explain golgi apparatus.
A lysosome is a vesicle that stores and carries out protein degradation in the body.	lysosomes	Create an analogy to explain lysosomes.
A lysosome is a type of cell in the body that helps recycle cells and other waste matter.	lysosomes	Create an analogy to explain lysosomes.
A lysosome is like a can of crushed tomatoes. The tomato juice and the sugar are breaking down into small pieces in the lysosomes. These small pieces then mix with other materials inside the lysosome and start to create further reactions.	lysosomes	Create an analogy to explain lysosomes.
A lysosome is a small, membranous sack that Stores Lysates (proteins) and Homogenized Lysates in the body.	lysosomes	Create an analogy to explain lysosomes.
Lysosomes are like vaults where cells recycle their waste.	lysosomes	Create an analogy to explain lysosomes.
A nuclear envelope is like an envelope that surrounds the inside of a planet or moon. The Nuclear Envelope protects the Privileged Zone and Core from radiation by trapping harmful particles, preventing them from reaching the surface.	nuclear envelope	Create an analogy to explain nuclear envelope.
The nuclear envelope is the protective outer layer of the human body that surrounds the nucleus of your cells. It helps to keep you alive by shielding your cell from radiation and other harmful substances.	nuclear envelope	Create an analogy to explain nuclear envelope.
The nuclear envelope is the protective outer layer of the human body that shields the inside from radiation.	nuclear envelope	Create an analogy to explain nuclear envelope.
The nuclear envelope is the protective outer layer of a person's body that surrounds their heart, lungs, and brain. It helps to keep these areas from being damaged by radiation.	nuclear envelope	Create an analogy to explain nuclear envelope.
A nuclear envelope is like a sheet of paper that has been folded in half. The top and bottom are the same size, but the middle is different. This is because each piece of uranium (or any other element) inside our bodies sits on two pieces of plutonium (or any other radioactive material). When we breathe in or out, these tiny particles get scattered around and interact with one another to create heat, light, water vapor and air.	nuclear envelope	Create an analogy to explain nuclear envelope.
A vacuole is a small hole in the cell membrane that houses fluid, such as water or nutrients.	vacuoles	Create an analogy to explain vacuoles.
 Vacuoles aresized pockets in the body that store water and other supportive cells. When a vein is cut, the blood flows out of the opening at first very slowly but then rapidly as it moves through all of the neighboring tissues. This process is called perfusion	vacuoles	Create an analogy to explain vacuoles.
A vacuole is a storage space in the body where bacteria and other materials can accumulate.	vacuoles	Create an analogy to explain vacuoles.
Vacuoles are like small reservoirs of air in your lungs. When the air in these reservoirs is low, you can breath easily because your lungs fill up with fresh air. But when the reservoir gets overloaded, the pressure inside it becomes too high and you start to experience shortness of breath.	vacuoles	Create an analogy to explain vacuoles.
A vacuole is a small, Empty space in the Cartilage of your Bone. It exists to store Chi and Water, between bones. When you strain thereequipment will push the fluid out of the Vacuum and into your blood stream	vacuoles	Create an analogy to explain vacuoles.
A million cells in a human body are equivalent to the amount of cytoplasm in an entire grape.	cytoplasm	Create an analogy to explain cytoplasm.
A pacemaker is like a battery. When it's not getting enough electricity, the pacemaker helps to ♠ by providing more current. This energy can then help to wake up your heart muscle and allow you to breathe!	cytoplasm	Create an analogy to explain cytoplasm.
In the body, cells are small and Located at the top of a tree. cytoplasm is what makes up the inside of each cell. It contains all of the cells' DNA and other important molecules.	cytoplasm	Create an analogy to explain cytoplasm.
A balloon is considered to be a “cellular entity” because it has one or more cells inside of it. Cytoplasm is the environment in which cells live and function.	cytoplasm	Create an analogy to explain cytoplasm.
A cytoplasm is like a large container in which cells live and grow.	cytoplasm	Create an analogy to explain cytoplasm.
A chromosome is like a blade on a cutting board. It can make very fine cuts, or it can help to harmlessly slice through dough. A chromosome is also like the small pieces of DNA that make up an organism's genetic makeup.	chromosome	Create an analogy to explain chromosome.
A chromosome is like a map of the human body. Each area on the map has a specialty, such as blood types or skin colors.	chromosome	Create an analogy to explain chromosome.
A chromosome is like a stack of cards. There are genetic abnormalities on one side of the card, and there are normal cells on the other side. If you cut through one end of the stack, you'll find some mutated DNA inside individual mutant cells!	chromosome	Create an analogy to explain chromosome.
A chromosome is like a map. You can see where people live, how many children they have, and what diseases they may carry.	chromosome	Create an analogy to explain chromosome.
A chromosome is like a book. Every page has one or more symbols that represent the different colors of DNA.	chromosome	Create an analogy to explain chromosome.
A cytosol is like a body's blood vessel. It carries nutrients and waste away from the cells it meets, and returns them to the cell's bloodstream when necessary.	cytosol	Create an analogy to explain cytosol.
A cytosol is like a large vat of fluid. It contains the cells and other molecules that live in your body.	cytosol	Create an analogy to explain cytosol.
A cytosol is a type of cell-surface protein that helps to organize the organelles in cells.	cytosol	Create an analogy to explain cytosol.
A cytosol is like a container for yeast cells. It has spaces in it where the cells can move around and produce energy.	cytosol	Create an analogy to explain cytosol.
A cytosol is like a container that holds the cells and their messenger RNAs.	cytosol	Create an analogy to explain cytosol.
A cell is like a person. Each one has their own body and thoughts. They are also connected to other cells through the connective tissue called "blood."	cell	Create an analogy to explain cell.
A cell is a piece of matter that helps make up an animal or plant.	cell	Create an analogy to explain cell.
A cell is a small, Holocene-era organism that contains the genetic instructions for making proteins.	cell	Create an analogy to explain cell.
A cell is like a person. They have their own blood, organs and tissues. Cells also move around to make sure they are doing what they need to do for the body.	cell	Create an analogy to explain cell.
A cell is like a small nation. Each cell has its own territory and responsibilities. For example, one cell may be responsible for growing food, another may be responsible for making water available to the rest of the population, and still others may perform other important tasks such as cells that produce skin or hair.	cell	Create an analogy to explain cell.
A vesicle is a small, round opening in the top of an eukaryotic cell that allows small molecules to communicate with each other.	vesicles	Create an analogy to explain vesicles.
A vesicle is like a small container that holds liquids or gases. Vesicles are often used in scientific experiments to store substances, such as oil and water.	vesicles	Create an analogy to explain vesicles.
A vesicle is a small opening in the skin that takes up air to give life to an Elixir.	vesicles	Create an analogy to explain vesicles.
A vesicle is a small opening in an object that allows gas or fluid to escape.	vesicles	Create an analogy to explain vesicles.
A vesicle is like a small opening in the skin that allows nutrients and oxygen to pass through.	vesicles	Create an analogy to explain vesicles.
A cell wall is a layer of cells that line the inside of an embryo's cells. The cell wall is made up of cellulose, which is a type of carbohydrate.	cell wall	Create an analogy to explain cell wall.
A cell wall is like a security fence in that it helps to keep invaders out while providing nutrients and oxygen to the cells inside. The cell wall also has other functions such as preventing bacteria from entering and damaging the cells.	cell wall	Create an analogy to explain cell wall.
A cell wall is like a defences against invasion by other cells.	cell wall	Create an analogy to explain cell wall.
A cell wall is like a fence around a house. It keeps the inside and outside of the house from getting too close to each other.	cell wall	Create an analogy to explain cell wall.
Cell wall is like a fence around a plant. It helps to keep the inside of the plant clean and free from dirt and other debris.	cell wall	Create an analogy to explain cell wall.
A cell is like a dark secret society. They share secrets and work together to solve problems.	cells	Create an analogy to explain cells.
A cell is a small, dense unit of living tissue. A person's skin cells are just like the cells in your body. They produce new blood and waste products.	cells	Create an analogy to explain cells.
A cell is like a collection of parts that work together to create something.	cells	Create an analogy to explain cells.
Cells are like people. They can be healthy or diseased, but they all have something to offer the world.	cells	Create an analogy to explain cells.
A cell is like a person. A cell can have many memories and feelings. It can also make new cells to create the body's tissues.	cells	Create an analogy to explain cells.
A cell membrane is like a shield that protects the cells inside from the outside world.	cell membrane	Create an analogy to explain cell membrane.
A cell membrane is like a thin sheet of plastic that divides the inside of a cells into two parts. The outside layer is called the cytoplasm and the inside layer is called the cell wall.	cell membrane	Create an analogy to explain cell membrane.
A cell's membrane is like a Waffle House menu. It has many choices, but you can only choose one at a time.	cell membrane	Create an analogy to explain cell membrane.
Cell membranes are like a gate that keeps the inside of your body and the outside world apart.	cell membrane	Create an analogy to explain cell membrane.
A cell membrane is like a seal on top of a bottle. The cells inside the bottle have their own space, but the outside world can see and touch the cells if it wants to.	cell membrane	Create an analogy to explain cell membrane.
Golgi body is a term used to describe the physical structure of cells. Each Golgi Body contains two halves, the cytoplasm and the membrane. The cell enters into this structure during mitosis or copulation which occurs when DNA doubles in size.	golgi body	Create an analogy to explain golgi body.
A golgi body is a histone deacetylase.	golgi body	Create an analogy to explain golgi body.
Golgi body is a structure found in the central nervous system. It is responsible for storing andremembering memories.	golgi body	Create an analogy to explain golgi body.
A golgi body is like a small tube that can be seen inside the eye. The Golgi Tubes help carry particles around in theeye.	golgi body	Create an analogy to explain golgi body.
A golgi body is like a container for particles. It has four corners that are called the ventricles and it has a smooth surface.	golgi body	Create an analogy to explain golgi body.
Capacitance is like the amount of space between two items. When you expand or contract the space, it creates a voltage. Capacitance creates a DC force because when two objects have more capacitance then they can squish each other and create an electric field.	capacitance	Create an analogy to explain capacitance.
A capacitor is like a doughnut. It has a conducting and an non-conducting surface. When you move your hand through the doughnut, you are pulling on one end of the doughnut and pushing on the other end. This action creates capacitance between the two surfaces.	capacitance	Create an analogy to explain capacitance.
Capacitance is like a capacitor bank. When you plug in an electric charge, the capacitors store that energy and it slowly builds up over time. This is how your cell phone works- when you touch the screen, the electricity flows through your fingers and into the battery (the capacitors hold onto that electricity) and then turns into volts and amps as it goes back out again.	capacitance	Create an analogy to explain capacitance.
A capacitor is like a bag of rice. When you put in a little more than the desired amount, the air insideatchises to form an " Eastern pearl" type shape. The bigger the caprice, the more it takes up space and stores energy until it can be used again.	capacitance	Create an analogy to explain capacitance.
A capacitor is like a container that stores energy. When you put something in the container, it starts to decay because of the lack of positive charge. The decrease in capacitance will cause an increase in current through the conductor (the resistor).	capacitance	Create an analogy to explain capacitance.
Electric current is like a flow of water. It has a lot of power and can move things around quickly.	electric current	Create an analogy to explain electric current.
A current is like a flow of water. It can be described by its shape, velocity and direction. Electric current is the same way- it has three properties: (1) Velocity: How fast it flows through an object(s). (2) Direction: Which way it travels(ies). (3) Shape: What kind of shape it takes- Wire, Cable or Copper?	electric current	Create an analogy to explain electric current.
A current is like a stream of water. It travels through the earth's surface quickly and consistently, but it has different directions in every direction.	electric current	Create an analogy to explain electric current.
A current is like a flow of water. It can move things around but it doesn't make anything happen. Electric current, on the other hand, can make something happen by moving things around and making them turn on or off.	electric current	Create an analogy to explain electric current.
A current is like water flowing through a pipeline. It's constantly moving in one direction, but at the same time it's also gradually changing its flow. This is why electric current seems so smooth and fast.	electric current	Create an analogy to explain electric current.
 Voltage is like a flow of water. It can be seen as the difference in pressure between two fluids. When you hold your hand up to a stream of water, you'll feel the push and pull from the current trying to move the water forward at different speeds. This is just like how people can feel when voltage is being put out into the world. Voltage can be felt as an electric force or electricity itself.	voltage	Create an analogy to explain voltage.
 Volt is like a current. Voltage can be measured in amps or volts, but it's always the same amount of electricity flowing through something.	voltage	Create an analogy to explain voltage.
A battery supplies power to an electric motor. A volt is a measure of electricity.	voltage	Create an analogy to explain voltage.
The voltage of an electric current is the amount of electricity that flows through a conductor from one point to another.	voltage	Create an analogy to explain voltage.
One analogy that could be made to describe voltage is electricity. Voltage is what allows electronic devices to function and can also be used to power tools or lights.	voltage	Create an analogy to explain voltage.
In a cell, there are many different types of cells. Each type of cell needs to communicate with other cells in order to survive and grow. For example, neurons need to communicate with other brain cells in order to learn new information. This communication happens through special proteins called neurotransmitters.	specialization and communication in a cell	Create an analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell.
A cell is like a platoon of soldiers. They are all fighting in the same way, but they have their own specialty and methods for communication.	specialization and communication in a cell	Create an analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell.
In a cell, specialization of functions happens when different cells in the body become specialized to do different things. For example, white blood cellsSpecialize in fighting off infections while red blood cells Specialize in carrying oxygen around. Communication happens between these cells and helps to ensure that everyone is getting the message they need from their surroundings.	specialization and communication in a cell	Create an analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell.
In a cell, each individual has only a certain amount of space to live in and breathe. This means that they need to communicate with one another in order to coordinate their movements and survive.	specialization and communication in a cell	Create an analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell.
A cell is like a communication system. It provides a way for the body to share information and allow different proteins to work together. Each protein in a cell can only work with one other protein within its given species or type of cells. This allows us to see how specialization and communication works in detail by looking at an example: certain heart muscle cells are better at contracting than others, helping us build bigger hearts while also reducing inflammation.	specialization and communication in a cell	Create an analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell.
Kirchoff's Voltage Law states that the voltage in a conductor is directly proportional to its current.	kirchoff's voltage law	Create an analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law.
A voltage is like a current. It travels through a material in an orderly manner, with no sacks of airKirchoff's law states that the Voltage of an isolated electrical potential (voltage or power) remains constant under changing conditions, regardless of the shape or size of the object between the supplying and receiving electrodes	kirchoff's voltage law	Create an analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law.
In electricity, kirchoff's voltage law states that the current through a wire is inversely proportional to its resistance.	kirchoff's voltage law	Create an analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law.
A coil of wire will always have a specific resistance when it is first drawn taut. The resistance decreases as the AWG (American Wire Gauge) number gets larger, to one-thousandth of aohm at 1200 ohms and below.	kirchoff's voltage law	Create an analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law.
A voltage is like a river. A low pressure area on the bank of a river will cause more water to flow into that region than will be brought in by the opposite direction. This is why rivers contain more water at high altitudes than they do at lower altitudes: The higher up you go, the less available liquid there is to divert traffic away from dangerous spots.	kirchoff's voltage law	Create an analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law.
A density wave is like the sound of waves. It has a smoothness and is heard with your ear. The size, shape and direction of each wave are all determined by its speed and depth. Density waves travel in straight lines at low speeds or they can curl along curves.	nature of a density wave	Create an analogy to explain nature of a density wave.
A density wave is like the sound of money in a T-bar cashregister. It's low and steady, but there are always some around each time.	nature of a density wave	Create an analogy to explain nature of a density wave.
A density wave is like a waves of water. They come in different sizes and widths, but they all have the same basic shape. When you listen to them, you can hear them crashing together like waves.	nature of a density wave	Create an analogy to explain nature of a density wave.
A density wave is like the sound of waves. Each time it arrives at a destination, there's a little more or less of it.	nature of a density wave	Create an analogy to explain nature of a density wave.
A density wave is a type of energy waves that have the properties of both pressure and potentialenergy. They are composed of small charges and their momentum increases as they move closer to each other. When averaged over all points in space, these waves form a local harmonicness or phase delay which can be modeled by the4424phase relation: d(x) = − Kalpha (dx/dt) where x is any point in space	nature of a density wave	Create an analogy to explain nature of a density wave.
Enzymes are like people. They have their own set of capabilities and limitations, but they are all essential in some way to the functioning of a food or other piece of equipment.	enzymes	Create an analogy to explain enzymes.
Enzymes are like automobile engines. They create motion, but also dispose of waste materials and energy. In the same way, a body’s cells produce new tissues and organs while degrading old ones; encephalins do this in the brain. Enzyme activity is constantly breaking downulose-phosphate carboxylase to hydroxyapatite (HA), which functions as an enzyme substrate specific promoter for mRNA transcription.	enzymes	Create an analogy to explain enzymes.
Enzymes are like a poison control center in the event of anaphylactic shock. They can rapidly neutralize poisons before they declarations deadly.	enzymes	Create an analogy to explain enzymes.
A protein is like an enzyme. Enzymes are used to catalyze biochemical reactions in the body, and they play a critical role in many processes.	enzymes	Create an analogy to explain enzymes.
Enzymes are like wizards in the kitchen. They can help turn food into something it never could have been before, or they can fix things that just wouldn't work right.	enzymes	Create an analogy to explain enzymes.
A human's active memory system is analogous to a grocery list. The individual can remember specific items, but they are not limited to just those items. They can also forget some of the items and create new lists as needed.	human active memory system	Create an analogy to explain human active memory system.
A human's active memory system is similar to a computer. The human's memories are stored in the brain and accessed when needed.	human active memory system	Create an analogy to explain human active memory system.
A human's active memory system is similar to a computer. The individual has specific areas of their brain which are used for specific tasks and then other areas are used for general storage. The individual can also change the focus of their attention in order to continue doing what they were doing before or switch back and forth between different tasks.	human active memory system	Create an analogy to explain human active memory system.
A human's active memory system is like a computer. It stores and retrieves information using a variety of methods including short-term and long-term memory, working memory, and calendar storage.	human active memory system	Create an analogy to explain human active memory system.
An analogy to explain human active memory system would be like a computer with its RAM. The memories that the computer holds are how the computer remembers what it has seen and experienced. The amount of memory available to the computer is determined by how much free space is left on the hard drive	human active memory system	Create an analogy to explain human active memory system.
In the rate-determining step of a reaction, the enzyme catalyzes a chemical reaction that begins with an up-conversion of an energy stored in one molecule into another molecule.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Create an analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
The rate-determining step in a reaction is the one that decides how quickly the reactions will take place. This step includes measuring how much of each substance is being produced and then figuring out how many are needed to make the desired changes happen.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Create an analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
A chemical reaction is like a march. Each step in the process of causing one molecule of an element to combine with another produces atoms and molecules that will form new elements. The rate at which these reactions occur depends on how quickly each component can combine with other components.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Create an analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the one that determines how quickly the reacting chemicals and products will produce new products. This step typically takes place at the beginning of a chemical reaction, when water molecules are displaced from electrodes to create an electric field that initiates further reactions.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Create an analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
In a chemical reaction, the rate-determining step is the process by which an entity in the reactants and products series reduces its numerical concentration to a state where it can begin reactions with other entities.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Create an analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
A column chromatography example would be to clean a coffee grinder by pouring all the grounds into a sink and tossing them. Then, you pour in water and turn on the faucet so the water starts running through the coffee grounds. The more water that is used, the finer will be each of the coffee beans. Column chromatography allows for this type of separation because it separates substances by their class or groups of molecules called tags.	column chromatography	Create an analogy to explain column chromatography.
Column chromatography is like taking a sample of air and filtering it out using a filter paper. This process allows you to collect different types of particles from the air by removing smaller pieces while leaving larger pieces behind.	column chromatography	Create an analogy to explain column chromatography.
Column chromatography is like a kitchen recipe. You can make it as simple or complex as you want, but the basic idea is to put a variety of ingredients in different containers and then let them mix together until all the flavors are combined.	column chromatography	Create an analogy to explain column chromatography.
Column chromatography is like a grocery store. You can buy groceries there, or you can go to the health food section and buy 100 different kinds of vitamins. Column chromatography is like that - it allows you to mix different types of molecules together and watch them interact as they travel through the column.	column chromatography	Create an analogy to explain column chromatography.
Column chromatography is like a grocery store. You buy what you need and leave the rest on the shelf. Column chromatography separates different types of molecules by their ability to resist aggregation (molecules that are too close together will form clumps).	column chromatography	Create an analogy to explain column chromatography.
A dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a balance in which the concentrations of different elements are constantly changing.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Create an analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a balance between two opposite forces. When one force is more powerful than the other, the equilibrium will be unstable and it will not stay in place for long. This happens because when one side of the equilibrium gets too strong, they can pull all of the energy from the other side to create a kind of power struggle or battle.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Create an analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
A dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a balance between two opposing forces. The more powerful force wins until one of the extremes becomes too strong, and then the other extreme takes over.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Create an analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
A dynamic chemical equilibrium is a balance between the forces of attraction and repulsion in an system. In a statically compacted system, these attractions and repulsions are always in balance. But as objects move around in a dynamical environment, they can experience both positive ( attracts ) and negative ( repelles ) force interactions. This creates what's called a non-static difference state, which is where the objects have different states at any given time according to their interaction strengths alone	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Create an analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
A dynamic chemical equilibrium is similar to a battlefield where the elements are in balance and fighting for dominance. The molecules are moving around and reacting with one another, trying to create new combos that result in either creating new products or breaking down old ones.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Create an analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
A vacuole is like a small, emptied container in your stomach that you use to store food. When your stomach empties, the vacuole stores the food in order to withstand furtheromach activity.	vacuole	Create an analogy to explain vacuole.
A vacuole is a socket in the cell membrane through which fluid moves and becomesForeign Body ( extraneous material) within cells.	vacuole	Create an analogy to explain vacuole.
A vacuole is a small, black opening at the bottom of an organ or body. It is where wastes accumulate and can cause health problems.	vacuole	Create an analogy to explain vacuole.
One analogy to explain vacuole is the dent in your tooth that you fill with cds. The space inside the dent where your teeth meet is called a vaca. This space can also be seen as an ecosystem, because it’s home to bacteria and other supportive organisms. When you take something away from this environment, like vacuum cleaner suction or room air, some of these organisms are eliminated and new ones are born.	vacuole	Create an analogy to explain vacuole.
A Vacuole is a small space in which molecules/materials are stored.	vacuole	Create an analogy to explain vacuole.
A transport vesicle is like a milkjug. It contains water and nutrients, but it's also sealed off so that the food doesn't spoil. You can put objects in and out of it, but you can't really move them around.	transport vesicles	Create an analogy to explain transport vesicles.
A transport vesicle is a small container that can be used for transporting water, oil or other substances.	transport vesicles	Create an analogy to explain transport vesicles.
A transport vesicle is a small, narrow tube that moves something through an area by exchanging energy with other particles.	transport vesicles	Create an analogy to explain transport vesicles.
Transporting fluid through a body is like moving ink from one cartridge to another. The vesicles are the same type of container that hold the fluid and help it travel.	transport vesicles	Create an analogy to explain transport vesicles.
A transport vesicle is like a container that can hold water or other liquid substances. When you open the top of the vesicle, some of theLiquid Substance spills out into your hand and onto the ground.	transport vesicles	Create an analogy to explain transport vesicles.
A proto-oncogene is a gene that is responsible for the creation or maintenance of an oncogene (a word meaning " cancer cells").	proto-oncogenes	Create an analogy to explain proto-oncogenes.
A proto-oncogene is a gene that has not yet been identified as significantly associated with cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Create an analogy to explain proto-oncogenes.
A proto-oncogene is a gene that has not yet been fully identified, but is thought to be involved in some form of cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Create an analogy to explain proto-oncogenes.
 Proto-oncogenes are a type of gene that is responsible for the development of cancer in cells.	proto-oncogenes	Create an analogy to explain proto-oncogenes.
A proto-oncogen is a genetic molecule that packages an enzyme or protein that can be turned on or off during cancer development.	proto-oncogenes	Create an analogy to explain proto-oncogenes.
Oncogenes are genes that can directly increase the activity of a specific gene in an organism.	oncogenes	Create an analogy to explain oncogenes.
Oncogenes are genes that give a cancer cell an advantage in the fight against other cells.	oncogenes	Create an analogy to explain oncogenes.
Oncogenes are genes that can cause tumors.	oncogenes	Create an analogy to explain oncogenes.
Oncogenes are genes that have a propensity to cause cancer.	oncogenes	Create an analogy to explain oncogenes.
Oncogenes are genes that help to initiate the growth and development of cancer cells.	oncogenes	Create an analogy to explain oncogenes.
Tumor suppressors are proteins that prevent tumors from growing, spreading, and causing harm to surrounding cells.	tumor suppressor genes	Create an analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes.
Tumor suppressors are genes that help to stop the growth of tumors. They can do this by preventing the body from making tumorœs proteins, which are important for cancer cells to grow and spread.	tumor suppressor genes	Create an analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes.
Tumor suppressors are proteins that stop the growth of cancer cells. There are a few tumor suppressor genes that have been found in different parts of the world. They all share common qualities, such as being located on the chromosome and controlling how many cells each gene control.	tumor suppressor genes	Create an analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes.
Tumor suppressors are like flowers in the garden. They help keep the plants healthy and blooming by suppressing the growth of other species of plants nearby. Some tumor suppressors are similar to drug molecules, while others are more like environmental air pollutants that can damage plant cells.	tumor suppressor genes	Create an analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes.
Tumor suppressors are proteins that stop the growth of tumors. Some tumor suppressors are located at the DNA level, while others are found on chromosomes.	tumor suppressor genes	Create an analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes.
A brittle software is like a building that is easy to fall down. If you walk in front of it, it will likely fall down on top of you.	brittle software	Create an analogy to explain brittle software.
Software that is brittle can be broken into smaller pieces if touched or handled roughly.	brittle software	Create an analogy to explain brittle software.
A brittle software is like a building. It might be built well but if you ever have a hard time getting it to hold up, the seams will start to pull and weak spots will show.	brittle software	Create an analogy to explain brittle software.
A brittle software is like a broken pot. It can easily break and you will never be able to fix it.	brittle software	Create an analogy to explain brittle software.
A brittle software is like a piece of glass. If you pick it up and shake it, the pieces will fly off in all directions.	brittle software	Create an analogy to explain brittle software.
A resonator is a type of loudspeaker that uses sound waves to create an effect similar to the way a tuning fork creates a resonance. A Resonant frequency is what sets this design apart from other resonators, as it allows for multiple tones to be played at once without distortions.	resonance hybrid	Create an analogy to explain resonance hybrid.
A resonance hybrid is an electronic device that combines the capabilities of two different types of circuits, such as a p-pulse generator and a resistor.	resonance hybrid	Create an analogy to explain resonance hybrid.
A resonance hybrid typically contains both a room and anechoic chamber to improve the overall sound quality. The combination of these two technologies allows for improved low-frequency response and increased bandwidth.	resonance hybrid	Create an analogy to explain resonance hybrid.
A resonance hybrid is a type of loudspeaker that uses both an acoustical reflex and capacitive coupling to create what is often considered a unique sound.	resonance hybrid	Create an analogy to explain resonance hybrid.
A loudspeaker is a microphone, and resonance occurs when the two are in close proximity. When you talk on the phone, your voice and the phone interface create resonances.	resonance hybrid	Create an analogy to explain resonance hybrid.
A wave is like a person walking on the ocean. The waves are high and low, smooth and rougher, but always follow one another in an orderly manner.	wave mechanical model	Create an analogy to explain wave mechanical model.
A wave is a series of individual (photons) that travel in a straight line. A wave's height, or "waveform", is determined by the number of photons traveling along its length.	wave mechanical model	Create an analogy to explain wave mechanical model.
A wave is like a series of small, annual waves that travel in a straight line.	wave mechanical model	Create an analogy to explain wave mechanical model.
A wave is like a light Messenger. It starts small and grows larger as it travels through the water.	wave mechanical model	Create an analogy to explain wave mechanical model.
A wave is like a ripple in the ocean. All waves have an initial height and slope, but as they travel through the water their heights and slopes change. The crest of each wave is at its highest point, followed by a trough that lowers the wave again.	wave mechanical model	Create an analogy to explain wave mechanical model.
An electroencephalogram is like a checkerboard. Every square on the checkerboard represents an electrical potential difference of one volt across that square.	electroencephalogram	Create an analogy to explain electroencephalogram.
An electroencephalogram is like a picture of your brain's electrical activity.	electroencephalogram	Create an analogy to explain electroencephalogram.
An electroencephalogram is like a picture of an individual's electrical brain activity.	electroencephalogram	Create an analogy to explain electroencephalogram.
A curve that records the electrical activity of the brain.	electroencephalogram	Create an analogy to explain electroencephalogram.
Imagine an EEG machine that records the electrical activity of your brain. The data can be recorded in various forms, including raw waveforms, time series, or spectra. Graphs can also be created to show how the waves interact with one another and with other signals within the brain.	electroencephalogram	Create an analogy to explain electroencephalogram.
Dna replication is like a wedding. You don't want to go to the wedding if you're not sure you want to be there, but 75% of the time it's worth it because it'll be interesting in the end.	dna replication	Create an analogy to explain dna replication.
A common analogy to explain DNA replication is like remaking a do-it-yourself project. The cells replicating the genetic material of the embryo continue this process over and over again until they produce their own offspring.	dna replication	Create an analogy to explain dna replication.
Replication is like copying a document from one hard drive to another.	dna replication	Create an analogy to explain dna replication.
A time machine is a great analogy for dna replication because it allows you to go back in time and fix mistakes that have been made. A Genetic algorithm is another analogy because it helps you find the best solution for your problem.	dna replication	Create an analogy to explain dna replication.
A single strand of DNA is replicated by stretching it out like a fine thread.	dna replication	Create an analogy to explain dna replication.
Transcription is like a language. You learn it and use it to create new sentences. The process of copying the information from one molecule of RNA to another is called translation.	rna transcription	Create an analogy to explain rna transcription.
Rna transcription is like a computer illiterate who has to type in the date on a calendar.	rna transcription	Create an analogy to explain rna transcription.
The process of transcription is like reading a book. The reader reads the text and then stores it in their head. Once the reader has finished Reading, they can forget what was read and start new books or continue with another story. The same thing happens with DNA: the user remembers how to write some code but forgets how to read it once they finish. This is why we usually use longhand when writing down our thoughts because that's how we remember them better.	rna transcription	Create an analogy to explain rna transcription.
Genetic transcription is the process of translating genetic information into mRNA. MRNA are particles that contain the genetic code for making proteins.	rna transcription	Create an analogy to explain rna transcription.
 DNA transcription is like a step in a musical process. The transcription of the genetic code into mRNA is like playing the instrument and singing with the lyrics.	rna transcription	Create an analogy to explain rna transcription.
A protein translation analogy would be like playing the recorder. You have a Deck of Cards, and each card has either jokers or regular cards. The Recording Studio is where you place your hands so that they are in the right position to play the recorder. With just right positioning of the fingers, you can start playing the record with great accuracy and volume. Now imagine if you had four hands - one hand was holding the Deck, while three other hand played with jokers. Doing this same thing with aprotein translation analogy, when starting to translate a mRNA into proteins involves putting all four fingers in exactly opposite positions (i.e., pinky up for ribosomes). Translation happens constantly as these different molecules compete for limited space inside each protonated amino acid residue!	protein translation	Create an analogy to explain protein translation.
A protein is translated from one form of mRNA to another. This process starts with the ribosome, which encodes the proteins that will be used by the cell. Then, messenger RNA (mRNA) is synthesized and released into the cytoplasm. The mRNA then binds to a specific site on the Translation initiation factor TF (TIF), which helps it get translated into text.	protein translation	Create an analogy to explain protein translation.
A protein is like a textbook on chemistry. It tells you how to make any chemical reaction that happens in your body, but it's not actually the recipe for what you'll get when you cook it.	protein translation	Create an analogy to explain protein translation.
A protein is translated from a long string of coding DNA into the proteins that your body uses. The process of translating the sequence of genetic information into proteins starts with reading out one or more cDNA transcripts. These transcripts are made up of small pieces of DNA that are extracted from the center of an mRNA molecule, which is made up almost entirely of amino acid sequences. Once these tiny RNA molecules have been assembled they can be read by a gene expression system in your cells, and this will ultimately send signals to different parts of your body telling those muscles to start contracting and producing force.	protein translation	Create an analogy to explain protein translation.
A protein is translated into mRNA, which is then turned into proteins by the liver. The process of translation starts with a pre-mRNA reading frame that is specific to the enzyme in question. This sequence of nucleotides (DNA) is replicated many times and As can be found all over the world because they are essential for life. Once this DNA has been replicated numerous times, there's another step where a RNA primer can be synthesized from non-coding RNAs within the template strand  This primer will guide the correct amino acid degradation when it binds to an RNP complex located on ribosomes located elsewhere inside of cells	protein translation	Create an analogy to explain protein translation.
Ecosystem is a term used to describe the complex network of vegetation, animals and water that make up an area.	ecosystem	Create an analogy to explain ecosystem.
An ecosystem is a network of living things and their environment.Ecosystems are made up of many different types of organisms, including plants, animals, microorganisms, andJohn Lennon's song "Beautiful Boy (Darling Boy)" was written about life on an African Airways jet over Namibia.	ecosystem	Create an analogy to explain ecosystem.
An ecosystem is like a mosaic. It is full of life and it contains both animate and inanimate elements. The so-called "healthy" part (the living things) is constantly interacting with the "unsafe" part (the materials that are not livable). This interaction creates the structure, composition, and behavior of the ecosystem.	ecosystem	Create an analogy to explain ecosystem.
Ecosystem is a term used in ecology to refer to the interaction of different kinds of plants, animals and other elements within an area.	ecosystem	Create an analogy to explain ecosystem.
A ecosystem is a community of living and dead plant, animal, or object species in which each organism interacted with its fellows.	ecosystem	Create an analogy to explain ecosystem.
A propagating action potential is like a wave. It travels down a neuron and ultimately reaches the cell's membrane, where it causes the cells to release neurotransmitters (sensory signals) into the surrounding space.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Create an analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
A wave is propagated down a neuron by traveling from its source (the cell membrane) to the destination cells in your body.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Create an analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
A propagating action potential is like a water droplet that travels down a neuron's well-straight cable. The water droplet can be thought of as the movement of ions (metal and positive charge) through the neuron's cell membrane, and it can be described in terms of its speed, extent, and direction.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Create an analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
A propagation potential (or action potential) is the travel of an electric current through a neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Create an analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
If youWave your hand in the air and shake it back and forth, then the action potential moves up one neuron and down another.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Create an analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
When you inhale, your mouth opens and the air is taken in through the nose. Then yourarynx (the back of your throat) muscles contract and push the air out through your exhaled breath. The lungs then fill with air once again and Contracts to Explode!	breathing mechanism of frogs	Create an analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
The frog's lungs are like a bellows, where they push and pull air into their lungs through the nose and mouth.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Create an analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
When you take a deep breath in, the air pressure outside of your lungs is greater than the atmospheric pressure inside of your lungs. This difference in pressure causes the blood to rush from your heart and other organs into your veins and then down into your stomach where it pools before entering back up to your head.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Create an analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
The frog's breathing mechanism is very similar to a human’s. The frog takes in air through their mouth and then expels it out the back of their throat using an opening near their navel. This process allows them to breathe for hours on end without feeling exhausted	breathing mechanism of frogs	Create an analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
Breathing is like breathing in and out of a straw. When you inhale, your air lungs fill with air and your thoracic spine leans forward. This pulls the eardrums closer to the inner ear whichThen sends sound waves through the auditory nerve down its length - these vibrations cause water molecules inside of the frog's blood vessels to move, creating an oscillating signal that can be heard as Pac-Man Rounds played on a speaker	breathing mechanism of frogs	Create an analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
A stack of logs is analogy to the architecture of a computer system. The topmost layer is the data and stores, such as files or categories. The next layer contains processing cores, memory, and other resources needed by the applications below it. This continues down along the log until you reach the bottom where all application code lives.	layered architecture	Create an analogy to explain layered architecture.
ALayer is like a cake. There are different layers that make up the cake, and each layer has its own flavor, texture, and color. The same goes for our buildings. Each floor or block of flats is made up of individual rooms and apartments, with their own heating and cooling systems, balconies/patios, security cameras etc.	layered architecture	Create an analogy to explain layered architecture.
A layered architecture is like a cake. The bottom layer is the makeup of your diet and the top layer is what you put on top. Your diet depends on the middle layer, which contains vitamins, minerals, and other essential nutrients for your body to function properly.	layered architecture	Create an analogy to explain layered architecture.
A stack is an analogy to describe the layering of architecture. A stack is a layer where each element sits on top of the previous one. This makes it easy to see how layers work and helps understand how different architectures are created.	layered architecture	Create an analogy to explain layered architecture.
A layer in an onion is the simplest level of structure. It has no internal organs or other features, and simply contains food and pipes to connect other layers. Layers can be numbered from one to infinity, but the difference between 1 and ∞ is that 1 <= x <= ∞ for all x ≥ 0.	layered architecture	Create an analogy to explain layered architecture.
A fuel is limited by the amount of oil that it can hold. If you added more fuel, the engine would overheat and not run as well. The same is true with Reactants- if they are too much, then the reaction will not happen quickly enough.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Create an analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
A chemist analogy would be to say that limiting reactant and excess reactant are like two water droplets. If you want to make a drop of vinegar, you create a small space between the reactants (like in an open container of water) and then add enough vinegar to fill the created space. The same thing is happens with Reactic liquid: You limitedreactant(s), while letting Reactic gas escape.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Create an analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
I analogy would say that a pot of hot chili is Artistically limited to 3 colors. If there were more than 3 colors, the artist might be forced to change the recipe or use something else to get the desired color results. The same can be said for reactants and excess reactants in an industrial reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Create an analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
A Limit Reactant is like a bottle of gasoline with too much left in it. An excess reactant is like a fuel station with too many cars coming in at once.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Create an analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
If you had two paint cans and a limited number of colors, then you would use the smaller can to do the job that needs to be done and use the larger can for things that are not as important. This is how people work with reactants in chemistry- by using small amounts to get the job done while leaving more for later when needed.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Create an analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
An example of a eukaryotic cell is a white blood cells. White blood cells are important in defense against infection and can help to diagnose diseases.	eukaryotic cell	Create an analogy to explain eukaryotic cell.
A simple analogy to explain eukaryotic cells is that they are like small groups of people who are all together in one place. Each person has their own important role in the group, and everything happening within the group is controlled by those people.	eukaryotic cell	Create an analogy to explain eukaryotic cell.
A eukaryotic cell is like a modern day human. It has a nucleus, which stores the genetic information for that particular organism.ucleus (in red), organelles (in green) and cytoplasm (gray)	eukaryotic cell	Create an analogy to explain eukaryotic cell.
A eukaryotic cell is like a human's brain. It has billions of neurons and globules called dendrites. Eukaryotic cells also have a plasma membrane that separates the inside from outside.	eukaryotic cell	Create an analogy to explain eukaryotic cell.
A eukaryotic cell is like a punctured balloon. When you give it air, the gas pressure inside the puncture becomes too high and liquid begins to escape from the top of the balloon. This liquid is made up of molecules that are organized in complex ways and called proteins. The protein molecule will attach itself to another molecule in an order that helps protect and organize these molecules into things we call chromosomes.	eukaryotic cell	Create an analogy to explain eukaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, one-celled organism that can produce new cells. Prokaryotic cells live in the body and help make muscles, bones, and other organs.	prokaryotic cell	Create an analogy to explain prokaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small jar of bacteria. They use theirellular organization to move anduclide atoms around, telling the genetic instructions for making proteins.	prokaryotic cell	Create an analogy to explain prokaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is like a drunken sailor. It's stumbling and drowsy, but it will eventually make its way to shore.	prokaryotic cell	Create an analogy to explain prokaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is like a punctured balloon. When you pull the plug on it, the air pressure inside of it decreases and it will burst. This is how prokaryotic cells work - they have an internal air pressure that helps them to get energy from food sources and make new proteins.	prokaryotic cell	Create an analogy to explain prokaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small bacteria. They have a nucleus, and they are able to use DNA to reproduce.	prokaryotic cell	Create an analogy to explain prokaryotic cell.
A Linux kernel is like a person. It has many different parts that work together to make it do what you want it to.	operating systems kernel	Create an analogy to explain operating systems kernel.
A computer motherboard is like the brain of a machine. It stores all the information that makes up a modern computer, including the operating system.	operating systems kernel	Create an analogy to explain operating systems kernel.
A kernel is the heart of an operating system, and it provides the basic routines for managing your computer's storage, memory and input/output.	operating systems kernel	Create an analogy to explain operating systems kernel.
An analogy to explain operating systems kernel would be like a car engine. The engine is what drives the vehicle and contains all of the electrical power that helps it move forwards or backwards. Similarly, the operating system is responsible for keeping track of where everything in your computer is located and how it works together. It also stores all data so you can access it later if need be.	operating systems kernel	Create an analogy to explain operating systems kernel.
A computer system is like an onion. The layers are the hardware, software, andJimmy operating systems (the first three levels). Above the kernel layer is the userland, which includes programs that interact with the kernel. There are applications in between these two layers called libraries. Finally, there is the rootkits or “hidden” kernels that act as backdoor entry points into your computer systems internals.	operating systems kernel	Create an analogy to explain operating systems kernel.
A limiting reactant is like a finite set of resources that you can use up but never exhaust. This analogy also explains the concept of resource limits in business.	limiting reactant	Create an analogy to explain limiting reactant.
A limiting reactant is like a drop of water in a large pot. If the pot is too full, the water droplets will fall out and only a small amount of the liquid will be available. The same can be said for Reactants in an Chemistry experiment: if you add enough reactant to this reaction, but not enough else, it will get "too much" Reaction happening and the reaction won't happen at all!	limiting reactant	Create an analogy to explain limiting reactant.
A limiting reactant is like a thermos of water that won't let you drink any more.	limiting reactant	Create an analogy to explain limiting reactant.
A limiting reactant is like a pot of water that cannot go any further. It doesn't have the capacity to produce more gallons, so it can only produce a certain amount of	limiting reactant	Create an analogy to explain limiting reactant.
One analogy to explain limiting reactant is that it is like a balloon. When you fill the balloon with air, and then give it some pressure, the Balloon will expand in size and reach its destination. However, if you reduce the amount of air in the Balloon, or if there is too much air inside the Balloon, then the Balloon will not reach its destination. This is true with reactants as well- when we add more reactants to a reaction mixture (e.g., making vinegar from apple cider vinegar), we are adding other molecules into contact with our original reacting substances which can cause them to change their states or become less soluble- for example, water turns sour when added to white wine because different oxygen atoms are now reaching equilibrium with each other	limiting reactant	Create an analogy to explain limiting reactant.
A helicase is a molecule that helps in the replication of DNA.	helicase	Create an analogy to explain helicase.
A helicase is like a motor that can physically turn around a circular path. It does this by breaking the hydrolysis of the genetic code into smaller pieces that can be processed by other cells.	helicase	Create an analogy to explain helicase.
A helicase is a protein that helps chromosomes to move along the cell's chromosome long arm.	helicase	Create an analogy to explain helicase.
A helicase is like a organelle in your body that helps you turn DNA into proteins.	helicase	Create an analogy to explain helicase.
A helicase is a protein that helps to unwind DNA helixes.	helicase	Create an analogy to explain helicase.
Suspended dna replication binding proteins (RPBP) are like a Claisen effector protein that help activate and regulate DNA replication. RPBP can associate with either the male or female template strand, depending on which arm of the chromosome they're attached to.	dna replication binding proteins	Create an analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins.
A protein that helps DNA replication is analogy would be like a key in a lock. It has two parts- the head, which is the actual protein and the handlebar, which contains the patent code for how to make more of this protein. The two are locked together until you activate one part by virtue of its amino acid sequence being complementary with another found on the other side of an ancient chromosome.	dna replication binding proteins	Create an analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins.
One analogy would be to think of DNA replication binding proteins as the equivalent of keys that control the movement andfunctioning of your own cells. When you put them in a lock, they will hold the strand of DNA together until it is replicated.	dna replication binding proteins	Create an analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins.
Dna replication binding proteins are like handcuffs that keep the DNA copies of genes in place.	dna replication binding proteins	Create an analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins.
A protein that helps DNA replication is like a jigsaw puzzle piece. It fits together perfectly but sometimes it misses a spot, andthat's how the Protein Fidelity Buffer works. The buffer brings the necessary proteins to where they belong so that replicating chromosomes can bind correctly	dna replication binding proteins	Create an analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins.
Ligase is a DNA helicase that helps break down chromosomes.	ligase	Create an analogy to explain ligase.
Ligase is a protein that helps join two DNA strands together.	ligase	Create an analogy to explain ligase.
Ligase is a protein that helps join DNA strands together.	ligase	Create an analogy to explain ligase.
Ligase is like the yeast that creates DNA. It uses energy to create a new strand of DNA from an old one.	ligase	Create an analogy to explain ligase.
Ligase is a → enzyme that catalyzes the joining of two pieces of DNA.	ligase	Create an analogy to explain ligase.
A process control block is like a steering wheel on a car. You can use it to move the car in either direction. The wheel has four spokes, and each one increases or decreases the motion of the car.	process control block	Create an analogy to explain process control block.
Process control block (PCB) is a motherboard chipset that manages the system's bus and memory resources. The PCB controls how the CPU accesses data on the bus, sets limits to user-mode calls, and provides feedback to the system about performance.	process control block	Create an analogy to explain process control block.
A process control block is like a traffic jam on the road. When you try to move forward, some cars are in the way and it's hard to get through. You can't just drive past them and hope for the best; you have to pull over and let everyone pass by first. The same thing happens with your work flow: some people need to do their work early, while others will need to wait until later. It's important that all of your workers follow the correct process so that everything goes as planned."	process control block	Create an analogy to explain process control block.
A process control block is like a controlling switch in an electrical system. It allows you to turn on or off specific stages of the engine by changing the level of current that flows through it.	process control block	Create an analogy to explain process control block.
A process control block is like a check valve in an aquarium. It prevents the water from flowing too freely and causing breed-back or fungus problems.	process control block	Create an analogy to explain process control block.
It's like encoding a text message into either ASCII or UTF-8.	message encoding	Create an analogy to explain message encoding.
When you send a text message, the sender and receiver both have a phone number "222" that they can use to communicate with each other. The sender creates an image of the text they want sent, including all of the characters that make up the text (space, tabs, quotes), and adds it to the application's memory called a "picture." Then they tell their phone which network provider they're on (or if they're using WhatsApp) how many characters long their message is, followed by their contact's name. The recipient looks at this picture and compares it against some pre-deployed template images or passwords for receiving messages from other people on that particular service. If there are any potential problems with what was sent--for example someone has spelled incorrectly—the recipient then tries to figure out where in space/time it happened and whether anyone else might have received it too by checking NTLM cookies associated with devices used on those networks.	message encoding	Create an analogy to explain message encoding.
An analogy might help to explain how message encoding works. Imagine you are a secretAgent and your job is to protect someone from an attack. You encode the information in a way that only the person you want to talk to can understand it. For example, if you want someone to know about a particular plot, you might encode the information as letters that look like this: ABCDBCCDE.	message encoding	Create an analogy to explain message encoding.
Your text editor can Alice encode a message in three ways: as an unsigned short, an unsigned char, or as the base64 encoding of {0xbf}. Your email client can Eve decode those messages into different representations (like UTF-8) and send them to different recipients.	message encoding	Create an analogy to explain message encoding.
A web page is like a message. It's an overview of what's on the page, but it can also contain any type of data (pictures, text, etc). The coding used to encode this information helps make sure that the messages are easy to understand and carry off correctly.	message encoding	Create an analogy to explain message encoding.
A drug binds to a receptor in your body and makes you feel the effects. Your body then uses this information to make more of the drug, which is why it's called a "drug."	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Create an analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
Drugs and receptors are like two people who are trying to get along. The drug tries to reach the receptor site, but the receptor says no. Meanwhile, the drug is trying to destroy the receptor site, but it keeps getting blocked by something else until eventually it destroys the receptor site. This is how interaction between drugs and receptors works: a drug tries to reach a certain spot on a receptor, but some other thing blockage it until eventually it destroys that spot.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Create an analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
The binding of a drug to its receptor site is like trying to fit an orange into a Socket. The different parts of the receptor are all important in how the Drug binds, but it can only partially fit because there are not enough them at that specific location.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Create an analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
A drug can act on a receptor site by binding to it in the cellular milieu, or by raiding an unprotected protein storage location within the cell. Alternatively, some drugs may be locally distributed and invade other cells even though they don't bind specifically to receptors.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Create an analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
Imagine you are trying to figure out how heroin will affect your brain. You have read about the different agonists and antagonists that can be used, but you still don't know what receptors it will interact with. The process of interacting with a receptor is similar to how people use drugs: by reading information about various drug interactions on the internet, you can begin to develop an intuition for which sites might be involved in this interaction.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Create an analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
A monitor is like a watch, it tells time. It has an analog screen that you look at to see the time, and there are also digital screens in some monitors which show the same thing but with more detail.	monitor	Create an analogy to explain monitor.
A monitor is like a movie projector. It brings pictures to your eyes and lets you see what is happening on the screen.	monitor	Create an analogy to explain monitor.
A monitor is a device that sits on the desk in front of the person watching it to show what is happening on the screen.	monitor	Create an analogy to explain monitor.
A monitor is like a microscope. You can see everything on the screen without having to take your eyes off the object you are looking at.	monitor	Create an analogy to explain monitor.
A monitor is like a watch. It keeps track of time and tells you what date it is.	monitor	Create an analogy to explain monitor.
A computer is like a person, with its own natural abilities and limitations.	cpu	Create an analogy to explain cpu.
A pc is like a brain, it can process and store data. A cpu is like an important part of our computer that helps us do our calculations and work on the internet or in other applications.	cpu	Create an analogy to explain cpu.
A CPU is like a human. It has certain capabilities and it can be used to do various tasks.	cpu	Create an analogy to explain cpu.
A cpu is like a muscle. It can be used to do many different things, but it needs fuel to do so. A battery will also give you energy for a short time, but eventually dies out. A cpu works the same way- it needs energy to work, and when it runs low on that energy, it'll stop working.	cpu	Create an analogy to explain cpu.
A CPU is like a human. It has a body and an intelligence, both of which are ultimately powered by the electricity in its coils.	cpu	Create an analogy to explain cpu.
A motherboard is like a group of friends that you can rely on for support. It has numerous functions, including playing music and watching TV, but it also provides space for your graphics card and other components.	motherboard	Create an analogy to explain motherboard.
A motherboard is a piece of hardware that connects the serial port on your computer to the CPU and RAM.	motherboard	Create an analogy to explain motherboard.
A motherboard is the bread and butter of computers, containing all the components that make up a computer. This includes the processor, video card, RAM, and storage.	motherboard	Create an analogy to explain motherboard.
A motherboard is like an oven. It has a number of slots and connections on it, just like the different parts of a kitchen are related to each other in a recipe.	motherboard	Create an analogy to explain motherboard.
A motherboard is like a foundation. It's where all the connectors are, and it helps hold everything else together.	motherboard	Create an analogy to explain motherboard.
A ram is like a bull. They can be very powerful and rams are often used in animal husbandry to herd other animals or to strengthen herds.	ram	Create an analogy to explain ram.
A ram is a large animal that can be used for working on farms or in the construction of buildings.	ram	Create an analogy to explain ram.
A ram is a big, strong animal that can knock over small trees.	ram	Create an analogy to explain ram.
A ram is a fast and strong animal.	ram	Create an analogy to explain ram.
There are many different types of animals, but pigs are the most common type of animal in the world. They have a lot of muscles, so they can pull things and move objects.	ram	Create an analogy to explain ram.
A power supply unit (PSU) is a computer power supplying device that converts AC electricity into electrical current. A PSU can be part of a computer system, used to provide the systemsBATTERY with energy from the wall outlet or an automobile battery, or it may be independent and used solely for personal use.	power supply unit	Create an analogy to explain power supply unit.
A power supply unit is a device that helps to provide electricity to electronic devices. It typically consists of an AC adapter, which plugs into an outlet and provides electrical current, and a battery, which stores energy until needed.	power supply unit	Create an analogy to explain power supply unit.
A power supply unit is a physical device that helps to provide electrical energy to electronic equipment. It typically comes in either wall-wart or flat-box form, and can be found on many systems.	power supply unit	Create an analogy to explain power supply unit.
A power supply unit is a component of an electrical system that provides the electricity needed to run equipment. It consists of two parts: the power transformer and the cable reel.	power supply unit	Create an analogy to explain power supply unit.
A power supply unit is like a battery. When you need to fix something or recharge your batteries, you would take out the screws and remove the old battery and replace it with the new one. The same thing happens with power supplies: when you need to fix something or recharge your batteries, you take out the screws and install the new one.	power supply unit	Create an analogy to explain power supply unit.
A keyboard is like a set of hands. You use them to type in commands and information.	keyboard	Create an analogy to explain keyboard.
A keyboard is like a set of rubber gloves. When you put them on, you get an idea of what the gloves are for. The same is true with keyboards. They help us type commands into computer programs and websites.	keyboard	Create an analogy to explain keyboard.
A keyboard is like a set of keys. When you press one key, it will produce an output that corresponds to what you’re asking for.	keyboard	Create an analogy to explain keyboard.
A keyboard is like a language. It's a means of communication, and it helps you to express yourself by typing out text messages, emails, etc.	keyboard	Create an analogy to explain keyboard.
A keyboard is like a big wheel, you can rotate it around to type different characters.	keyboard	Create an analogy to explain keyboard.
A mouse is like a rat. They have big eyes, and they run around looking for food.	mouse	Create an analogy to explain mouse.
A mouse is like a small person who can only move his front paws.	mouse	Create an analogy to explain mouse.
A mouse is like a person. They have emotions, go through life exchanges with other people and are used in many occupations.	mouse	Create an analogy to explain mouse.
A mouse is like a paper clip. You can pinch it and pull it to make a selection, but you can also push it down and let it drop where it will go.	mouse	Create an analogy to explain mouse.
A mouse is a small, fast creature that lives in the cactus family. Mice are good at following their leader and can move quickly around because of their quick reflexes.	mouse	Create an analogy to explain mouse.
A video card is analogous to an audio card in that they both provide the necessary hardware and software to decode and play video files.	audio card	Create an analogy to explain audio card.
A graphics card is like a movie projector. It can project images onto a screen, and the audio card (or codec) can decode those images and present them as sound waves to the listener.	audio card	Create an analogy to explain audio card.
A CD is like a sound card, it helps you listen to music. An audio card is like the hardware that lets you hear those sounds.	audio card	Create an analogy to explain audio card.
A audio card is like an armoured vehicle. It can protect a computer from any number of threats, but it cannot take on the entire world by itself. A motherboard is just like the armour in the vehicle - it provides protection for the computer and its components, while also allowing them to function properly.	audio card	Create an analogy to explain audio card.
A graphics card is like a camera. It takes pictures of things, but also gets the video into your computer. Audio cards are just like microphones. They take sound and turn it into an image that you can see on your screen.	audio card	Create an analogy to explain audio card.
A computer is like a video card. It's responsible for displaying images and data on the screen.	video card	Create an analogy to explain video card.
A video card is like a room in your house. You have the walls and ceiling, one right next to the other, and there are places for equipment (PCs, monitors) on either side of that room. In the same way, a video card is like an installation or purchase you make when you buy your first computer. It's important to choose one that will fit your specific needs before buying it so don't get frustrated if something doesn't work out immediately since it usually takes some time for the new hardware to arrive.	video card	Create an analogy to explain video card.
A video card is like a movie theater. It can display pictures and videos on the screen, and allows people to play games or watch TV with friends while they signal to the video card that they are ready to start playing some game or watching TV.	video card	Create an analogy to explain video card.
A video card is like a human. It has a number on it that tells you how many bits of data it can store, and also what kind of data it can read and write.	video card	Create an analogy to explain video card.
A video card is like a bank account: you get money in and make loans out. It stores data, such as graphics and sound, on your computer's hard drive, then sends that data to the game or application using anisolated port.	video card	Create an analogy to explain video card.
A tree's age is calculated by taking the height of the tree at its youngest point and then multiplied by the number of years it has been alive.	tree's age calculation	Create an analogy to explain tree's age calculation.
A tree's age is calculation by measuring how many years it has lasted since it was last pruned.	tree's age calculation	Create an analogy to explain tree's age calculation.
A tree's age can be calculated by multiplying the diameter of its roots TIMES the average height of its branches.	tree's age calculation	Create an analogy to explain tree's age calculation.
A tree's age is determined by how many years it has been alive.	tree's age calculation	Create an analogy to explain tree's age calculation.
The calculation of tree's age is like an oven. You take the temperature of the room, add appropriate ingredients and set a timer for how long you want it to cook. The same is true with tree growth: You know the right conditions (stems being healthy, leaves green) and set a timer for how long you want it to last.	tree's age calculation	Create an analogy to explain tree's age calculation.
In glycolysis, cells break down glucose into two different types of molecules- pyruvate and lactate. Pyruvate is used by the body to produce energy while lactate is a waste product that can be eliminated through the kidneys.	glycolysis	Create an analogy to explain glycolysis.
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down a sugar molecule into two glucose molecules.	glycolysis	Create an analogy to explain glycolysis.
The process of breaking down glucose into different molecules is analogous to the process of cleaving meat into peptides.	glycolysis	Create an analogy to explain glycolysis.
When you walk on the street, your feet create a noise. This noise is called pedaling. The pedals in your shoes help you move forward and up because they do work as an engine to power the foot pistons. When you chew gum, your molars are working together to grind the food down into small pieces that we can eat.	glycolysis	Create an analogy to explain glycolysis.
The breaking down of glucose into two molecules of energy is an analogy to glycolysis. Glycolysis happens in the body as we eat and drink, and helps us generate energy.	glycolysis	Create an analogy to explain glycolysis.
 imagine you are at a carnival and there is a inflatable obstacle course. every time someone jumps over the obstacles, some bubbles come up from under the ground and scatter in all directions. if you were to pick one bubble to focus on, it would become stuck in your hand	anti-stokes scattering	Create an analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering.
A meteor scatter a good deal of light in all directions. This includes the bright side and the dark side of the meteor, as well as any sharp edges on either end of the object. Some bits of energy from each impact are scattered more than others, and this is what gives us anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Create an analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering.
A coin deploying anti-stokes scattering can be likened to a spy camera. Once it begins scatterding signals, it becomes difficult for the observer to make out what is really happening.	anti-stokes scattering	Create an analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering.
When a scientist or astronomer tries to measure the progress of a celestial object by measuring how much light it projects in each direction, they use an offset finder. The same principle is used when trying to scatter sunlight off of an article or molecules. By dividing the area that the light has priority over all other areas, one can determine how far away the target is from you. This technique is known as anti-stokes scattering because it works best when there are no obstructions in your path (like mountains).	anti-stokes scattering	Create an analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering.
A rock thrown off a cliff is scattered in all directions. A person's hand when they rub it will also cause some scattering around the area that was rubbed.	anti-stokes scattering	Create an analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering.
A likened scattering of gas particles in a column is like the sound waves created when two objects talk to each other. The properties of air scatter these waves, making them more scattered and creating a higher pitched noise than if they were not scattered.	stokes scattering	Create an analogy to explain stokes scattering.
A stove scatter is like a dust storm. When the heat of the oven or stove hits something, it lodges in there and causes an intense amount of heat to be released. This can cause pieces of food to break free and scattered around the room.	stokes scattering	Create an analogy to explain stokes scattering.
Stokes scattering is the phenomenon of small particles scatter in various directions due to the pressure or wave fields that they produce.	stokes scattering	Create an analogy to explain stokes scattering.
If you put a penny in the air and hold your breath, eventually it will fall to the ground. This isBecause stokes scattering (also called extinction) happens when light energy scattered in many directions by materials like sand or dust	stokes scattering	Create an analogy to explain stokes scattering.
When particles scatter short-wavelength light, such as blue and violet light, they scatter more in the near-infrared than far-wavelength light. As a result, it is difficult to determine whether an object is solid or ice because either its surface appears dark when viewed through short-wavelength eyes or it appears brightly lit when seen through long-wavelength eyes.	stokes scattering	Create an analogy to explain stokes scattering.
Median lethal dose is a measure of how much damage can be done in one hundred doses. It's usually used to compare the relative toxicity of different drugs and poisons.	median lethal dose	Create an analogy to explain median lethal dose.
Median lethal dose is a term typically used to describe the highest Lethal Dose of a poison that can kill an average person.	median lethal dose	Create an analogy to explain median lethal dose.
Plutonium is the most toxic material on Earth. It can kill you in minutes if it enters your body through contact with skin or eyes. But because plutonium has a half-life of just seventy years, very little of it actually kills you. Therefore, when scientists calculate the lethal dose for a particular poison they are always talking about how much plutonium this person has got left in them after taking into account all possible routes of exposure.	median lethal dose	Create an analogy to explain median lethal dose.
Median lethal dose is the amount of poison that will kill 50% of those who take it.	median lethal dose	Create an analogy to explain median lethal dose.
Median lethal dose is a measure of the probability that one will die from any givendose of an intoxicating drug.	median lethal dose	Create an analogy to explain median lethal dose.
A universe is like a big, wide world. There are many different things and people in it- some of them very small, some of them quite large. It's constantly Expandening and Shifting with new arrivals and departures.	universe	Create an analogy to explain universe.
A universe analogy would be like an onion. The first layer is the earth, the second layer is space, and the third layer is the galaxies. Then there are others, but they don't have to be this way because every element can exist in any number of different states.	universe	Create an analogy to explain universe.
A universe is like a big, round balloon. You can see it from anywhere in the world, but you only have limited visibility because it's so big. The bigger you make your balloon, the more space there is for other balloons to form and grow too.	universe	Create an analogy to explain universe.
A universe is like a big ball of gas. It can be spinning faster or slower than the speed of light, but it always has the same shape and size.	universe	Create an analogy to explain universe.
A universe is like a box of chocolates. It has many flavors, but each flavor has its own individual chocolate hidden inside.	universe	Create an analogy to explain universe.
A piece of meat is placed in a smoker and cooked until it reaches its desired shade. The handler removes the meat from the smoker, moves it to an oven, and begins cooking it again. This repeated process creates a cross-section of what once was one big animal. Enzymes are similar to smokers in that they create similar patterns over time as they work on different molecules.	enzyme mechanism	Create an analogy to explain enzyme mechanism.
A protein is like an enzyme. Enzymes are responsible for catalyzing chemical reactions in the body.	enzyme mechanism	Create an analogy to explain enzyme mechanism.
A kitchen timer is a simple compared to an enzyme. An enzyme works behind the scenes and can be seen as like a switch that can turn on and off, depending on what it's looking for. A clockwork watch is also simple in comparison to enzymes - each time you press the button it goes back into itsoriginal state (or "wheel"), unlike an enzyme where you can give it more or less chemical inputs and see how it responds.	enzyme mechanism	Create an analogy to explain enzyme mechanism.
A lot of enzymes work in concert to do their job. When you cook an onion, the onions make a signal that the enzyme can't ignore and it starts breaking down the onion into smaller pieces. Finally, when all of this is done, items like proteins and lipids end up being enzymatically processed by other enzymes to create these things we enjoy. Enzymes are complex machines with lots of moving parts	enzyme mechanism	Create an analogy to explain enzyme mechanism.
A enzyme is like a doctor. They do surgery, treat illness, and make things happen. Their job is to fix something that's wrong with someone.	enzyme mechanism	Create an analogy to explain enzyme mechanism.
AOVA is a statistic used to analyze data. It plots the differences between means of different groups and then collects information on how often each difference happened.	anova	Create an analogy to explain anova.
AnOVA is a statistics tool that allows you to analyze multiple data sets and compare them.	anova	Create an analogy to explain anova.
Anova is essentially a statistic analysis tool used to test whether or not different treatments (variables) have an effect on results.	anova	Create an analogy to explain anova.
Anova is like a randomized experiment.	anova	Create an analogy to explain anova.
In statistics, ananova is the method of assessing change in a population by comparing its average values with those of random groups.	anova	Create an analogy to explain anova.
A thermostat is like a door temperature sensor. When you open the door, the temperature inside Becomes colder than what it was before. The same thing happens when you close the door - the temperature outside will become cooler then how it was before.	thermostat	Create an analogy to explain thermostat.
A thermostat is like a temperature sensor. When it senses the room temperature, it tells the housebreaking robot to turn on the heat.	thermostat	Create an analogy to explain thermostat.
A thermostat is like a furnace. It maintains the temperature of a room by manipulating an electronic controller.	thermostat	Create an analogy to explain thermostat.
A thermostat is like a furnace. It regulates the temperature of a room by turning on and off specific parts of the heating system.	thermostat	Create an analogy to explain thermostat.
A thermostat is like a furnace. It regulates the temperature of a room by turning up or down a switch.	thermostat	Create an analogy to explain thermostat.
A chemical equilibrium is a balance between two elements in the presence of an unknown catalyst. The reaction will go through whichever pathway produces the most active element, based on how much of each element is present and interacting with the unknown catalyst.	chemical equilibrium	Create an analogy to explain chemical equilibrium.
A chemical equilibrium is like a shopping list. The more you have, the less you need and vice versa.	chemical equilibrium	Create an analogy to explain chemical equilibrium.
 Chemical equilibrium is the state in which all elements of a mixture are in the same chemical state and have the same amount of activity.	chemical equilibrium	Create an analogy to explain chemical equilibrium.
A chemical equilibrium is the state in which a mixture of chemicals that are mixed together have the same proportion of atoms on each side of the atomism test.	chemical equilibrium	Create an analogy to explain chemical equilibrium.
The equilibrium of a chemical mixture is the balance between molecules in that mixture which allow for this particular mix to function as a whole. For example, if you were to add two cups of water and four cups of sugar all at once, the solution would be very unstable because it would not be able to meet its equilibrium proportions. The imbalance in these chemicals will cause everything in the mixture to react differently, causing changes throughout the composition of the liquid.	chemical equilibrium	Create an analogy to explain chemical equilibrium.
Just-in-time is when you have an inventory of something that you plan to produce and sell, but don't actually have any of the necessary parts in stocks. You order them as needed from a supplier, who then sends the necessary parts to you at just the right time.	just-in-time	Create an analogy to explain just-in-time.
Just-in-time is a term used to describe the method of ensuring that products are available when they need to be and at the correct price.	just-in-time	Create an analogy to explain just-in-time.
Just-in-time is like a time machine. You can go back in time, or to the past, and change what happened.	just-in-time	Create an analogy to explain just-in-time.
Just-in-time is a term used in the financial world to describe when something is produced as quickly as possible and when it is of the best quality.	just-in-time	Create an analogy to explain just-in-time.
Just-in-time is a term used to describe the time it takes to get something done. It can be thought of as an abbreviation for "as soon as possible."	just-in-time	Create an analogy to explain just-in-time.
When a person is infected with the flu, they may experience some symptoms. However, their immune system will create antibodies in response to that infection and will be able to fight off future infections.	adaptive immunity	Create an analogy to explain adaptive immunity.
Some people have adaptive immunity because they are able to fight off infections. Others may have immune response system that helps them fight against common colds and flu, but not against other more serious diseases.	adaptive immunity	Create an analogy to explain adaptive immunity.
Adaptive immunity is like running on anti-inflammatory drugs. Once you start taking the drug, your body will start producing antibodies to fight off infection. This protection will continue even if you stop taking the drugs, because your body has built up a immunity to these infections.	adaptive immunity	Create an analogy to explain adaptive immunity.
The body is like a computer. When it's attacked by an illness, the computer has to analyze everything that's going on to figure out how to fight off the infection. The same thing happens with the immune system; when an attack comes in, we have to analyze all of our data and find patterns so that we can fight back effectively.	adaptive immunity	Create an analogy to explain adaptive immunity.
Adaptive immunity is the ability of someone to quickly and effectively respond to a changed environment or threat.	adaptive immunity	Create an analogy to explain adaptive immunity.
Ohm's law is a physical law that states the maximum current through a resistor is inversely proportional to its resistance.	ohm's law	Create an analogy to explain ohm's law.
Ohm's law is theHours-Force equation that states how much current is available to an atom or device when it has a force of 1 new potential watt.	ohm's law	Create an analogy to explain ohm's law.
The law of Ohm's law is named after Nikola Tesla, who created it in 1887. It states that the resistance of an object to a current flow is inversely proportional to the voltage across that object.	ohm's law	Create an analogy to explain ohm's law.
Ohm's law is the LAW OF VARIATIONS IN ohms. It states that the current in an electric field is equal to the difference between the voltage levels of two points within that field.	ohm's law	Create an analogy to explain ohm's law.
Ohm's law states that the current in a resistor is equal to the voltage across that resistor divided by its resistance.	ohm's law	Create an analogy to explain ohm's law.
Transcription is like the act of reading a book. You start by picking up the right word, and then you follow it with its associated meaning. After that, you have to figure out how to put all those pieces together so that the whole thing makes sense.	transcription	Create an analogy to explain transcription.
Transcription is like a recipe for a cake. You need flour, sugar, eggs, and butter to make it up. The same goes for transcription: you need an author's name, some text or words that will be transcribed (e.g., "This is my how-to guide," "I am writing this article"), and the needed tools/tools to do the transcription (amplifiers, scanners, tape machines).	transcription	Create an analogy to explain transcription.
Transcription is like a translator. It helps to convert one language into another by translating between the different DNA strands in the person's brain.	transcription	Create an analogy to explain transcription.
Transcription is like a stenographer taking dictation from someone else. The stenographer records what the person says, and then stores that information in a book.	transcription	Create an analogy to explain transcription.
Transcription is like a translator. It translates between languages, allowing us to understand what was said by someone else.	transcription	Create an analogy to explain transcription.
RNA polymerase is a tool used by biologists to create new genetic materials fromold DNA.	rna polymerase	Create an analogy to explain rna polymerase.
A DNA polymerase is a specific enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of deoxyribose RNA to ribose.	rna polymerase	Create an analogy to explain rna polymerase.
A DNA polymerase is like a sewing machine. It takes pieces of the genetic information and puts them together to create new genes.	rna polymerase	Create an analogy to explain rna polymerase.
The DNA polymerase is a type of enzyme that creates RNA.	rna polymerase	Create an analogy to explain rna polymerase.
A polymerase is like a machine that creates RNA transcripts from DNA.	rna polymerase	Create an analogy to explain rna polymerase.
A ribosome is like a typewriter. It takes in data and writes it out as letters on the paper.	ribosome	Create an analogy to explain ribosome.
A ribosome is like a tube that takes in the genetic material ( DNA) from cells and makes proteins.	ribosome	Create an analogy to explain ribosome.
A ribosome is like a small machine that helps make proteins in our bodies.	ribosome	Create an analogy to explain ribosome.
Ribosomes are like the pages of a book that write the DNA of viruses and other microbes.	ribosome	Create an analogy to explain ribosome.
Ribosomes are a type of organelles in cells. They help turn DNA into proteins.	ribosome	Create an analogy to explain ribosome.
Activator protein (AP) is a molecule that increases the activity of enzymes.	activator protein	Create an analogy to explain activator protein.
An activator protein is a molecule that can increase the activity of other molecules.	activator protein	Create an analogy to explain activator protein.
Activator proteins are important for the progression of an infection.	activator protein	Create an analogy to explain activator protein.
Activator protein is like a key that unlocks something. It helps to turn on or up the function of some bodily cells or tissues.	activator protein	Create an analogy to explain activator protein.
An activator protein is a molecule that helps to activate enzymes.	activator protein	Create an analogy to explain activator protein.
A transformer is like a muscle in your body that transforms alternating current (AC) into direct current (DC). When you plug something into an electrical outlet, the transformers in your home create AC electricity. The same thing happens when you use an electric cord to plug it Into a wall.	electric circuit	Create an analogy to explain electric circuit.
A electric circuit analogy is like a pipeline. Electric circuits are like pipes that lead to different parts of the body. You can use electricity to flow through these pipelines in many ways, including heat, light, and sound.	electric circuit	Create an analogy to explain electric circuit.
A electric circuit is like a wiring diagram. You can see the individual wires in it and the relays, or devices that switch electricity on and off, by looking at the schematic.	electric circuit	Create an analogy to explain electric circuit.
An electric circuit is like a closed loop of energy. When you plug in an electrical cord, it converts the kinetic energy from your feet to electricity. The same principle applies to devices that use electricity - when you touch them, they convert some of their stored energy into electricity and turn on.	electric circuit	Create an analogy to explain electric circuit.
A transformer is like a flamethrower. It can turn energy into heat or light, depending on the setting. A resistor is like a fire extinguisher. It helps to stop the flow of electricity while allowing some current through so that an object can be heated up by it	electric circuit	Create an analogy to explain electric circuit.
An analogy to explain the hydrophobic effect would be like a personal computer being stored on a hard drive with no removable disk. If you tried to remove the disk, it would plug up the holes in the hard drive and prevent you from working on your file. This is what happens when an atom of air or water adsorbs onto a material, such as oil or scientific specimens, making them difficult for molecules to move around.	hydrophobic effect	Create an analogy to explain hydrophobic effect.
A decrease in water content means that the object is less able to wet your hand.	hydrophobic effect	Create an analogy to explain hydrophobic effect.
A hydrophobic effect is when a molecule is covered in an oily or wet surface. This increases the chance that it will clog up and reduce accessibility to other molecules, leading to a decrease in air-quality.	hydrophobic effect	Create an analogy to explain hydrophobic effect.
Water droplets are usually found at the interface between two substances. If a molecule from one substance is placed on top of a water droplet from another, the Droplet will try to keep its shape and form an orb.	hydrophobic effect	Create an analogy to explain hydrophobic effect.
A hydrophobic effect is a type of interaction in which an atom or molecule charges another atom or molecule to the point where they are repelled by each other. This can be seen when two molecules approach each other with hydrogen atoms side-by-side, and they adsorb onto one another. When these two molecules touch, their Hydrogen atoms merge and form water molecules (H 2 O).	hydrophobic effect	Create an analogy to explain hydrophobic effect.
A biological signal transduction analogy can be to think of the process as an electronic switch that is able to control how a certain protein or molecule behaves in response to a set of stimuli. When two different cells come into contact, they exchange chemicals and electrical signals, which allow one cell to influence the behavior of the other.	biological signal transduction	Create an analogy to explain biological signal transduction.
In the analogy, one could say that a biological signal is like a TCP/IP packet. Every piece of information in the packet needs to get to its destination before it can be executed. The same goes for biological signals - every component in an animal's physiology needs to work together in order for the signal to reach its target cells and do its job.	biological signal transduction	Create an analogy to explain biological signal transduction.
A biological signal transduction analogy would be like a switch that allows you to turn on or off a light bulb. The switch is the input and the output is the result. In biology, signals are analogous to proteins which can be described as coming in two varieties: intracellular (inside cells) and extracellular (outside of cells). Intracellular proteins are typically small and dense, while extracellular proteins are larger and sparse. In terms of function, intracellular proteins work together to carry out instructions from inside the cell, while Extracellular proteins play an important role in communication between different cells or tissues.	biological signal transduction	Create an analogy to explain biological signal transduction.
A biological signal transduction pathway is like a switch. When you push the button, the electronics in your car turn on and send a signal to the central computer telling it to start up. The same process happens when you sent a signal through your body: the nervous system sends signals that travel down nerve fibers and activate receptors in other cells.	biological signal transduction	Create an analogy to explain biological signal transduction.
A computer is a device that sends and receives electric signals. Biologicalsignals are the same thing, but they come in all different colors and shapes.	biological signal transduction	Create an analogy to explain biological signal transduction.
