Nadh is like a fever. It is high and it is going to go down.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy.
A protein is like a molecule of air. When you breathe in, you get air. When you breathe out, you exhale air. A protein is the same way. When you eat, you get protein. When you exhale, you get nitrogen.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy.
Dna is like a blueprint for a person. It is a set of instructions that a cell uses to create a new person.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy.
A glycogen is like a store of energy. When you eat or drink, your body takes in glucose from the blood and uses it to make new glucose. This process is called gluconeogenesis.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy.
The endoplasmic reticulum is a large, complex structure in the cells that helps store and use nutrients. It is made up of a series of tubes that run from the cell's surface to the inside of the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy.
Golgi is a type of organelle that is found in the eukaryotic cells. Golgi is responsible for the storage of proteins and other molecules. Golgi is also responsible for the assembly of proteins into larger molecules.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy.
A plasma membrane is like a sheet of plastic that separates the cells in a body. The cells inside the plasma membrane are called cells of the cell membrane. The cells outside the plasma membrane are called cells of the extracellular space.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy.
A lysosome is a small, round, black organ in the body that helps break down and recycle cells and other materials. Lysosomes are important in the body because they can help to clean up messes and help to prevent diseases.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy.
A peroxisome is like a container that stores energy. When a molecule of oxygen or another gas is introduced into the peroxisome, it starts to break down the molecule into smaller pieces. This energy is used to help the peroxisome function properly.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy.
Mitochondria are like the cells in your body that produce energy. They are small, and they are in the center of your body. They are also very important because they help your body make DNA.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy.
A chloroplast is a type of cell in the plant kingdom that contains chloroplasts. Chloroplasts are unique in that they are able to use light energy to produce organic molecules called chloroplasts.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy.
A cytoskeleton is like a web of thread that helps cells move and interact with one another. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins and it helps cells stay together and move.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy.
The body's ability to produce energy is likened to a furnace. The body can use up energy by doing things like breathing, walking, and talking. When the body is at its best, it can use up all of its energy in one go by doing things like running or swimming.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy.
A nadph is like a water droplet. When you suck the air out of a nadph, it creates a vacuum. This vacuum is what makes the nadph work.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy.
A peroxisome is like a storage container for energy in the body. When the body needs energy, it stores it in the peroxisome.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy.
A tochondria is a type of cartilage that connects the vertebrae in the neck.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy.
Electric forces are like the wind. They can push and pull things around, but they always have the same power.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy.
A hydrogen electron's orbital is like a planet's orbit around the sun. The hydrogen electron orbits the nucleus in a very small orbit.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy.
The first line of defense in the body is to protect the heart. The body has four valves that allow blood to flow in and out of the heart. If one of these valves is damaged, the heart can't function properly and can die.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy.
A macrophage is a white blood cell that helps fight infection.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy.
A t-helper cell is like a traffic light. When you are driving in a traffic jam, you might use a t-helper cell to tell the other drivers to wait their turn. The same is true for cells in the body. When you are sick, you might use a t-helper cell to tell your body to stop making new cells.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy.
B-lymphocytes are white blood cells that help fight infection.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy.
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte is like a bomb that destroys cells. It uses a special type of antibody to identify and kill cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy.
An invasion of bacteria is like an invasion of a person. The bacteria are trying to get into the person's body and they are doing this by coming into contact with the person's cells. The bacteria are doing this by trying to make copies of themselves and they are also doing this by trying to get into the person's DNA.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy.
A action potential is like a wave. It starts low and builds up until it reaches its peak. The same is true for a neuron. When a neuron fires, it sends a signal to the brain. The signal can be interpreted in many ways, but one way is that it means the neuron has detected a change in the environment.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy.
A chromatography experiment is like a game of catch. You need to catch the ball and throw it to the other team. The ball is made up of many small pieces. You need to catch the small pieces and put them in a bag. Then, you need to throw the bag to the other team and hope they can catch it. The same is happening in a chromatography experiment. You need to catch the small pieces and put them in a bag. Then, you need to throw the bag to the other team and hope they can catch it.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy.
Main-sequence stars are born from the gas and dust in the Milky Way galaxy. Over time, the gas and dust in the star's atmosphere will become heated and will start to emit light. The light from the star will continue to be emitted for a certain amount of time, but eventually the star will die.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy.
A nucleus is like a small, dark, round object in a room. The object is made up of many small, dark, round objects. The object is the center of the room.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy.
Ribosomes are like the machines that make up your body. They are like the machines that make up your DNA. They are like the machines that make up your proteins.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy.
The golgi apparatus is a type of organelle that is found in the eukaryotic cells. It is a small, round, white, spindle-shaped structure that is found in the center of a cell. Golgi apparatus contains the proteins that are responsible for the cell's growth and division.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy.
A lysosome is a storage container for food that is used to break down food proteins into their component amino acids. Lysosomes are also used to recycle cells and tissues.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy.
A nuclear envelope is like a envelope that a bomb might be put in. The bomb has a lot of explosives in it, and when it goes off, the explosives make a big noise. The nuclear envelope is the same way. When a nuclear bomb goes off, the nuclear bomb's explosives make a big noise, and the nuclear envelope is the same way.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy.
A vacuole is a small, empty space in a body that is used to store food. When a person eats, the stomach and small intestine empty the food into the vacuole.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy.
A cytoplasm is like a container for a cell's cells. The cells live in the cytoplasm and use the energy from the cell's cells to make proteins.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy.
A chromosome is like a piece of paper. Each chromosome has a specific location on it. The location of a chromosome is determined by the location of the genetic material that makes up that chromosome.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy.
A cytosol is like a container for cells. It is made up of a variety of cells and molecules.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy.
A cell is like a person. A cell contains the genetic instructions for making a person.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy.
A vesicle is like a small opening in a container that allows gas to escape.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy.
A cell wall is like a fence around a house. It keeps the inside of the house clean and the outside clean. The cell wall is the same way. It keeps the inside of the cell clean and the outside clean.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy.
A cell is like a person. A cell contains the genetic instructions for making a person.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy.
A cell's membrane is like a door that separates the inside of the cell from the outside world. The cell's membrane is made of a material that helps the cell to keep its water and other nutrients inside and the oxygen and other gases outside.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy.
Golgi body is a type of body found in the eukaryotic cells. Golgi body is responsible for the packaging of proteins and other molecules.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy.
A capacitor is like a balloon. When you fill it with air, the air pressure inside the balloon is greater than the atmospheric pressure outside the balloon. This is because the capacitor has a higher capacitance than a metal plate. When you touch the capacitor, the electric field between the capacitor and your skin creates a voltage. This voltage is proportional to the capacitance of the capacitor.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy.
Electric current is like a flow of water. It is a way to move something around.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy.
A voltage is like a current. It flows through a wire and is measured in amps.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy.
In a cell, specialization and communication are important because it allows the cell to function as a unit. This is important because the cell is the smallest unit in the body and it is important for the cell to function properly.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy.
A voltage is like a current. It flows in one direction and then back out the other. The direction of the current is determined by the voltage that is applied to the object. The voltage law states that the current in a resistor is inversely proportional to the voltage applied to it.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy.
A density wave is like a waveform in a seismograph. When you listen to a density wave, you can hear the sound of the waves crashing together. The sound is like the sound of waves hitting a rock. The density wave is like the waveform in a seismograph because it is a representation of how many objects are in a particular place.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy.
Enzymes are like machines that catalyze chemical reactions. They can do this by breaking down the substrate (a molecule that the enzyme is trying to convert into a product) into two or more component molecules.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy.
A human's active memory system is like a computer's hard drive. The hard drive stores the data that the computer uses to process information. The hard drive also stores pictures, music, and videos. The computer can access the data that is on the hard drive by reading the data from the hard drive and then using the data to process the information.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy.
The rate-determining step in a reaction is the step that determines how quickly the reaction will occur. This step is usually a chemical reaction between two molecules, and it depends on the speed of the reaction, the concentration of the reactants, and the temperature.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy.
Column chromatography is a process of separating substances by their ability to pass through a material in a specific order. The substances are usually separated by size, shape, or other factors.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy.
A dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a balance in a kitchen. When the ingredients in a dish are all in the same place and their concentrations are right, the dish will be in equilibrium. When one ingredient changes its concentration, the dish will change its equilibrium.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy.
A vacuole is a small, round, white, fluid-filled structure in the cells of the body. It is responsible for the recycling of nutrients and the storage of waste.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy.
A transport vesicle is like a water droplet. When you suck the air out of the vesicle, it becomes smaller and more dense. This is what happens when you suck the energy out of a battery.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy.
Proto-oncogenes are genes that have the potential to cause cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy.
Oncogenes are genes that are responsible for the development of a particular type of cancer.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy.
Tumor suppressor genes are like a garden variety of plants. They have a variety of roles in the body, but they all play a part in controlling the growth and spread of tumors. Some tumor suppressor genes are responsible for controlling the production of tumor-causing proteins, while others help to control the expression of tumor-causing genes.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy.
A brittle software system is like a house that is constantly being hit by a gust of wind. The house is not going to hold up very long if it is hit by a lot of wind. The same is true for software systems. If a software system is hit by a lot of different factors, it is going to fail eventually.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy.
A resonant frequency is the frequency at which a particular type of wave, such as a sound, can be heard back again. This is because the waves that make up sound have a specific resonance, or pattern of peaks and valleys, that can be heard again and again.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy.
A wave is like a waveform. A waveform is a collection of waves that have been combined together to create a single entity. A wave is created when sound waves are combined together. The sound waves are then amplified and sent out into the world.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy.
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a record of electrical activity in the brain. It can be used to track the progress of mental illness or to study the effects of treatments.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy.
Dna replication is like a blood transfusion. When you give someone a blood transfusion, you need to make sure that the blood is properly mixed and that the recipient is getting the right amount of blood. The same is true with DNA replication. You need to make sure that the DNA is properly replicated before you can create new DNA.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy.
RNA transcription is like writing a story. You start with a blank page and write down the words that you want to say. Then, you add the necessary letters to make the sentence make sense. The same is done with DNA transcription. You start with a template (a set of instructions that tells the body how to make a particular protein) and add the necessary letters to make the sentence make sense.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy.
A protein is translated from a mRNA into a protein. The mRNA is a set of instructions that tell the body how to make a protein. The protein is made from the amino acids that are found in the mRNA.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy.
An ecosystem is a group of living things that live in close proximity to each other. The environment in which they live is important to their survival.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy.
A neuron fires an action potential when it detects an electrical potential difference between two cells in its vicinity. The action potential travels down the neuron's axon and is delivered to the cell's membrane where it causes the cell to release a neurotransmitter.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy.
When you breathe in, your lungs fill with air and your heart starts to beat. When you breathe out, the air leaves your lungs and your heart stops beating.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy.
A layer is like a cake. There are many layers, each with its own ingredients and flavors. The ingredients in a layer are the same, but the flavors are different. The flavors in a layer are the same, but the ingredients can be changed.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy.
An analogy would be to think of a reaction as a pot of water that is constantly being filled with new water. The more water that is added, the more the pot will overflow. The same is true with reactions: more reactants will cause the reaction to become more vigorous.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy.
A eukaryotic cell is like a human body. It has a nucleus, which is the center of the cell, and a set of chromosomes. The chromosomes are the genetic material in a eukaryotic cell.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, simple machine that can do a lot of things. It has a nucleus, which is where the genetic information for the cell is stored, and a cell wall, which keeps the cell together. Prokaryotic cells can also use energy to make proteins, which are important for the cell to do its job.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy.
A kernel is like a set of instructions that tells a computer how to do its job.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy.
A limiting reactant is like a pot of water that can only hold a certain amount of water. If you add more water, the pot will overflow and the water will be spilled all over the place. The same is true with reactants in a reaction. If you add more reactants, the reaction will become too strong and it will not work.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy.
A helicase is a protein that helps to unwind a DNA duplex so that the two strands can mix.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy.
Dna replication binding proteins are like a lock and key that helps to keep the genetic information inside the DNA replicated correctly.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy.
A ligase is like a connector that helps two pieces of DNA to join together. Ligases help to join two pieces of DNA by breaking the DNA into smaller pieces and then joining them together.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy.
A process control block is like a traffic control system in a car. It keeps track of the flow of traffic and decides when to change the flow so that the traffic is moving smoothly.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy.
Encoding a message into a code is like encoding a text into a language. The code is a representation of the message, and the language is the way the code is used to communicate the message.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy.
A drug can interact with a receptor site in a number of ways. One way is by binding to a specific site on the receptor. Another way is by binding to a receptor's surface.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy.
A monitor is like a watch. It tells time. It has a face that you can see and a hands that tell you the time.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy.
A computer is like a person. It has a body and a brain. The body is what the computer uses to do its work. The brain is what the computer thinks about and learns from.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy.
A motherboard is like a house. It has a foundation, walls, and roof. The motherboard is the foundation, and the other components are the walls and roof. The motherboard is the center of the system, and the other components are around it.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy.
A ram is like a bull. It is strong and can push things around.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy.
A power supply unit (PSU) is like a battery in that it stores energy to power your devices. The PSU also provides power to your devices when they need it, and can also be used to power your computer if you need to turn it off if there is a power outage.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy.
A keyboard is like a set of keys on a piano. The keys are the letters that you can press. The letters are arranged in a certain way so that you can press them all at the same time.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy.
A mouse is like a person. A mouse is small and can move around a lot. A mouse is also very sensitive and can hear things that other people can't.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy.
An audio card is like a microphone. It captures sound and converts it into an electrical signal that can be played back on a device like a speaker.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy.
A video card is like a computer. It can store and display pictures and videos. It also has a processor and a memory.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy.
A tree's age is calculated by adding the number of years it has been alive to the number of years it has been growing.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy.
Glycolysis is the process by which glucose is converted into pyruvate and carbon dioxide.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy.
When you touch a hot stove, the heat from your hand melts the wax near the stove. This liquid wax is then drawn up the stove by capillary action. The heat from your hand vaporizes the liquid wax, and the vaporized wax is drawn up into your hand. This liquid wax is then drawn up into your hand because it is a liquid form of wax that has been vaporized by the heat of your hand.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy.
Stokes scattering is the process of scattering light in many directions by particles in the medium.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy.
A median lethal dose is the lethal dose that results in the majority of deaths.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy.
The universe is like a big balloon. It has a lot of space in it and a lot of time.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy.
A protein is like a door knob. When you turn it, the door opens. The same is true with enzymes. Enzymes are like door knobs. When you turn them, they open up new possibilities for your body.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy.
AnOVA is like a scientific experiment. You take data from a set of experiments and compare it to another set of experiments. In anOVA, you use the data from the two sets to make a decision about which experiment to run next.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy.
A thermostat is like a temperature control knob. You can set it to a certain temperature, or you can let it run at a default temperature.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy.
Chemical equilibrium is the state of a system in which all the elements in the system are in the same position and amount.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy.
Just-in-time is a term used to describe the process of making a product or service available as soon as possible.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy.
Adaptive immunity is like a computer program that can learn and change to match the environment it is in. When you are in a new place, your immune system will learn how to fight the new virus.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy.
Ohm's law states that the current in a resistor is inversely proportional to the resistance.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy.
Transcription is like a recipe. You can see the steps that are needed to make the final product, but you can't see the finished product until you have the ingredients and the oven is set.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy.
A polymerase is like a machine that can create new DNA. The polymerase uses a template to create the new DNA. The template is a piece of DNA that the polymerase can use to create new DNA.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy.
A ribosome is like a machine that assembles proteins. The ribosome is located in the center of a cell and it uses a process called translation to assemble proteins into larger molecules.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy.
Activator proteins are like firefighters. They are used to start fires.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy.
An electric circuit is like a wire in a computer. When you plug in a power cord, the electric current flows through the wire from the battery to the computer. The computer uses the electric current to do things like turn on the lights and make the computer sound.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy.
A hydrophobic effect is the tendency of a material to resist water penetration.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy.
A biological signal transduction analogy would be like a light switch. When you turn on a light, the light switch sends a signal to the brain that tells the brain to turn on the light. The same thing happens when you send a signal to a cell in your body. The cell sends a signal to the nucleus of the cell that tells the cell to produce a protein. The protein then sends a signal to other cells in your body that tells them to produce more protein. This process happens over and over again, and the signal is sent in a specific way each time.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy.
